A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
provoke or stir up.
A dog is barking at a ball
A group of people sitting around a desk.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
to hunt snipe
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
A bike jumps through the air.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
organize anew, as after a setback.
recover posession or get back again
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
go one's own way; move apart.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
Two children playing in the snow.
the state of having one's weight supported
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
A man and a woman laughing.
The trumpet is being played by a man
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
endure or experience a painful event
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
the act of preserving or protecting something
A man riding a white horse.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
immerse briefly into liquid or container
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
The brown dog is jumping in the air
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
The friends are making faces for the camera
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
take legal action against, as in court
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
Woman at table busy with something.
build, make by combining materials or parts
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
There is no man massaging a woman
Look furtively at something.
a train in a station.
A person is being kicked by a monkey
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A black dog is running across a field.
A bird flies across the water.
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
A man and a woman are silent
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A child in water.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
provide a feast or banquet
the act of giving a false appearance.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
The crowd is not watching a football game
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
A man is playing a bamboo flute
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
The brown dog is running on the grass.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
Two dogs running through sand.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
the act of losing someone or something.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
act of distributing
maintain or assert.
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
an electronic memory device.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
the act of winding or twisting.
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
A man is playing a guitar on stage
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
A light brown dog is running up a street
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
An unforseen development.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
An animal is emerging from a lake
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
The boy is playing the piano
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
A dog is running through the snow.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
A rhino is grazing in a field
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
women's sleeveless undergarment
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
cause to appear in a new form.
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
There is no man doing pull-ups
an allotment or percentage of something
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
(cause to) become less intense or strict
A small monkey is walking through water
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
A woman is slicing a vegetable
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
Five people on a sidewalk.
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
to fill with coal or oil
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
There is no man cutting tomatoes
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
A small white dog is running across a lawn
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
A cat is playing with a device
A man is making a sketch
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
ascribe or place in association with
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
set or ask for a certain price.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A dog running in the surf.
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
create an image or likeness of.
the root or base form of a word
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
A boy is practicing the keyboard
A woman is slicing butter
utter with force; utter vehemently.
conform to a metrical pattern.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
There is no monkey kicking a person
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
exclusive control or possession of something.
the status of being a champion.
A woman holding a newspaper.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
The women are not singing and dancing
open again, open anew
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A man is removing the peel of an onion
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
A man is cutting a paper
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
A white puppy is biting a pole
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
Three dogs are running in a field.
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
show devotion to (a deity).
owned territory of a sovereign government
behave in a certain way.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
put up with something unpleasant
be or come into conflict
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
speed up the process of
There is no woman frying something
A man is standing still
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
A group of people is on a mountain
The dogs are playing in the snow.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
revolve
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A man riding a small bicycle.
The appropriate or desirable thing.
A woman is walking the dog down the street
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
A young boy is jumping off a chair
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
A tiger cub is roaring
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
to interrupt, enter uninvited
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
A group of men are playing ball together.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
A tiger is walking around
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
the act of admitting someone to enter.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
A mostly black train on a track.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
People on motorbikes in a city street.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
break down, literally or metaphorically.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
A dog splashes in the murky water.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
A man is playing an instrument
a unit cost of something
the state of having options, alternatives
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
A squirrel is running around in circles
Red double decker bus with hood open.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
the act of making or enacting laws.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
A man on a bike in mid-air
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
Man standing in front of silver train.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
Many people run in a race on a street.
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
A dog is running in a field.
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
Ask for and get something for free.
A person is playing a keyboard
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
A football player kicks the ball.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
free from obligations, service or confinement
A woman is arranging her hair
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
A few men are watching cricket
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
A woman is frying fish
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
Brown dog running on grass.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
An onion is being sliced by the woman
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A man is eating a pizza
A person is drawing some figures
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A bunch of people is on the shore
A woman is playing the drums
A man and child in front of a billboard
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
A large white bird swoops over water.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
A man is holding up an electronic device
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
a black and white cow in hay.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Three women are standing still
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
A man is praying fervently
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A dog is biting a black frisbee
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
the act of adding one thing to another.
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
A man is arranging the garden
A man is chopping butter into a small container
The woman is waterskiing
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
Two baby pandas are sleeping
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
A boy is tapping his fingernails
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
the fashionable elite of a given community
The man is fasting
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
A cat is jumping into a container
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
mark or cover with or as if with dots
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
the large room of a manor or castle.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
Two animals are running through high grass
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
A man is jumping a wall
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
A woman is talking to a man
A cat is playing with a watermelon
A boy is sitting in a seat
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
Two people are walking through some water.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
A man is riding a horse on the beach
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
a cause or source of duress, worry
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A topless girl is covered in paint
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
put into or keep in a stall
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
something additional of the same kind.
show consideration for; take into account.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
The person is playing the flute
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
an approximated amount of something
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
Five birds stand on the snow.
issue bonds on something
A girl dances on a stage.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
someone who plays a principal role
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
People are riding two camels at the beach
use up the whole supply of.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
One man is passionately playing the guitar
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
One woman is peeling a potato
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
A group of men is fighting
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
A dog is running on the sea shore
apply a plaster cast to.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
Kids playing tag football.
Two dogs in a stream.
Improve by pruning or polishing
Red double decker bus on side of street.
The guitar player is loving one girl
A young child is splashing in the water
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
a loud resonant repeating noise.
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
a casual or unexpected convergence.
A dog is playing in the green field
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
Nobody is playing ping pong
to collect, acquire or gather
A man and a woman on a bench.
form an impenetrable cover over.
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
the general outward appearance of something.
Three dogs running through water.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
a rationale or reason for something
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A man is planting a tree
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
a young girl wearing purple running through water
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
Cause to move forward with force.
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
A little girl is running.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
A girl poses with her head upside down.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
pass time in a particular place or way
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
possibility for the future
A dog runs in the woods.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
A group of cars parked on a hill
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
make or become thick
The men are having a conversation
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
A cat is playing a piano
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
A hockey player during a game.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
the legal state of owing money
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
incite some act of insubordination
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
the head of a city government.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
Two girls jump out of swings.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
sharpen a razor with a strap
cover with a protective sheathing.
There is no dog rolling from side to side
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
A man is peeling an onion
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
a slight cut in a physical surface
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
A man is not dancing
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A young girl going down a tube slide.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
Two dogs are playing on a beach
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
A jet is flying
Move oneself very fast.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
Nobody is playing the guitar
Three dogs run in the snow.
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
A child swinging on a playground play set.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
to argue or plead in favor of
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
move forward by leaps and bounds.
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
A group of people is singing
send from one person or place to another.
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
A dig is trekking through snow.
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
a group of sheep or goats.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
cause to turn on an axis or center.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
forked form or shape
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
An interview is being granted by the man
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The boy is playing a guitar
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
a white dog runs across the water.
Two men are battling
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
make something, usually for a specific function.
A potato is being sliced by the man
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
Two dogs are fighting
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
Create an electrical short in something.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
final stage of an event or activity
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
A young man is sitting on a bench
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
A dog is biting a mop.
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
A dog is playing in water.
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
a written message of nonacceptance
Three dogs play by a lake.
A young man is talking to a leaf
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
The dog is not catching a blue ball
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
An onion is being chopped
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
A person is holding a frog
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
A dog running through the woods.
The woman is dicing garlic
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
A black dog standing in a field.
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
Two women are talking
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
act of verbally informing
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
a loss of function
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A dog running through the water.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
mark with scars
consider as part of something.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
A young woman is playing the guitar
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A boy is rock climbing.
A cow is not eating hay
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
A man is standing on a sidewalk
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
initiation, founding, introduction of something
the act of surrendering an asset
the degree or amount of something
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
move as if through a sieve.
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
The man is slicing potatoes
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
The kid is still in the snow
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
the state of being excluded.
The intense man is a guitar player
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
a computer on the floor.
A tan dog is resting in the snow
Some racers are running down a track
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
A woman is cutting a tomato
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
move about in a confused manner.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A boy looking at a computer screen.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
a concern or affair
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
show submission or fear.
The man is training
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
Nobody is beating an egg
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
A yellow dog in the snow.
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
(cause to) become even or level
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
Train going down the tracks.
The men are performing on stage
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
take away a vital or essential part of.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus radio.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
the concluding section of a communication
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
A cat is swinging on a fan
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
Produce a phonemic click.
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
The man is going into the water
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
People ride up an escalator.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
There is no man driving a car
make less hostile; win over.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Two men are hugging
The back of a sign with stickers on.
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
sharpen with a strap.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
A girl is brushing her hair
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
The black dog is running through the grass.
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
The human act of making something new.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
advance warning or notification of something
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
A woman is diving into a pool
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
A baby is not playing a guitar
strike the air in flight.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
A small black dog is in the grass.
secrete or form water
An animal is biting someone's finger
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
A golden dog plays in the snow
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
Two children are rolling in clean water
A sports team poses on the field.
location sheltered from the wind
A lone biker is jumping in the air
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
cast off, get rid of something
The woman is not slicing an onion
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
Limit in quantity or quality.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
A man is playing flute
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
Two people are sitting on a bench
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
A panda is climbing
end of the American Revolution
Two airplanes in the sky.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
make less severe or strict.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
Become pregnant.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
Some children are playing on a playground
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the victim of a fraud.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
A man is shooting with a gun
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
The man is not cutting a paper plate
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
a well-known or notable person.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
the state of being retained
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
unrestricted freedom to use.
Two puppies play in the grass
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
return in thought or speech to something.
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
A person is performing a card trick
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
the act or capability of seeing
the flavor quality of something
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A man and a woman are not eating
reduce the price of something
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
A man is firing a shotgun
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
Dough is being spread by a man
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
A woman is walking in a city street
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A person is not making a bed
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
A woman is staging a dance
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A man is naked and standing still
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
a mental grasp or understanding of something
A woman is slicing a fish
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
Nobody is playing with a toad
A black dog is running in the snow
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
work material with a tool
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
A woman is throwing a potato peel
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
(cause to) move around
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
the amount by which something decreases.
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
cause to be firmly attached.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
equip with a fuse
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A dog leaps over a fence.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
The singer is leaving the band
interfere with someone else's activity
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
A child is experiencing a new world
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
a quantity of money.
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
Four dogs splashing in the water
A large boat in the water at the marina.
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
A baby is crawling happily
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
A sheep standing in a forest.
Three people preparing to canoe.
A boy is playing an instrument
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
The doctors are reviving a man
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
A young girl is standing on both legs
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
move or gather in a hive
The man is hurling knives at a tree
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
A dog is running through some water.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
administer or bestow, as portions
The person is not riding the horse
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
creating a picture with paints.
military personnel lost by death or capture.
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Someone is dirtying an animal
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
Black and brown table in living room setting.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
the act of cracking something.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
Germinate, as in a plant.
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
A group of people having their picture taken.
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
The man is drawing a gun
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
An electronic storage device.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
shape or influence; give direction to.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
A white dog with a collar is running.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
A person is not chopping an onion
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
Man playing game in a store.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
The woman is dicing a carrot
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
smell by inhaling through the nose
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
A woman is cooking fish
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
There is no puppy rolling
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
attack as if with claws.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
There is no little girl playing the piano
issue an order.
a close up head of an ostrich.
A dog in the snow.
A bride in a white dress is running
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
A snow slide is full of kids
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
A black dog is running along the beach.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
sheep standing in afield.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
A boy is running on the beach
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
the act of leading or guiding others
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
Two dogs are playing on the beach
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
A dog runs in the snow.
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A collie running through the snow.
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
A man is harping on about a play
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A swan is flying through a body of water.
cause to go into a solution.
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
abstain from eating.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
the soft padding under a saddle
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
There is no boy checking a calendar
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
Two people are riding a motorcycle
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
People are walking through a street which is crowded
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
A man is shooting with a bow
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
the act of terminating a life.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
give someone credit for something.
cause to assume a condition
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
There is no man cutting a paper
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
A man and a woman kiss.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
a cell for violent prisoners.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
The child is playing with toys outdoors
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
organize or be responsible for.
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
the termination of a meeting.
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
A group of people having a meal outside.
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A man and a woman are eating
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
A black dog running on a beach.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
A television with a show on.
A girl is communicating with sign language
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
The recruits are barking at the military officer
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
the public submission of a legal record
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
move back and forth or sideways.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
the consequence or aftermath of something
unite; merge with something already in existence
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
A dog walks on the beach.
the act of escaping, fleeing
the act of passing something to another person.
the apparent condition or state of something
A woman is eating a piece of meat
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
a style and size of typeset
billow up in the form of a cloud.
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
suit to a special purpose.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
play a stringed instrument with a bow
There is no person buttering a tray
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
lowest employee salary permitted by law
support on the back and shoulders.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
hunt with hawks.
two woman looking into a glass case.
The person is practicing the guitar
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
The man is riding a mechanical bull
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
A white dog jumps into a pool.
Young boys play touch football.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
a consequence, outcome or result of something
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
The upper part of a column.
a person who is a member of the senate
A man is singing into an old microphone
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
go on a campaign or off to war
A white dog is running on sand.
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
decree, issue an order
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
room where work or repairs are done
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
fill with high spirits
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
a man running track
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
the act of providing a subsidy.
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
Paper and scissors both cut
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
restrict or confine
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
The person is slicing the potato
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
An old man is sitting in a field
make invalid for use.
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
A woman is chopping broccoli
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
the act of attaching or affixing something.
the event of gradually vanishing from view
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
Two cats are lying together
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
the act of turning, rotating an object
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
Yellow boat on a beach.
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
A horse is falling on someone
the hard upper part of the human nose
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
The man is granting an interview
changing one thing for another
A chimp is practicing martial arts
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
There is no man riding a horse
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
Two cows cross a paved street.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
There is no man eating cereal
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Two women in a sailboat.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
A golden retriever is not running
Some men are fighting
A dog is running on the beach
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
There is no man playing soccer
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
The man is eating
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
A man is slicing some bread
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A dog running through deep snow pack.
One young lady is jumping on the car
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
A woman is slicing a cucumber
One man is chopping a log with an axe
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
A red, double-decker bus.
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
A man is passionately playing a guitar
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A woman is cutting butter
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
A white cat stands on the floor.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
A woman is tapping her fingers
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
Someone is playing with a toad
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
Someone is holding a small animal
A woman is mixing eggs
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
the act of chipping something.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
A man is doing a card trick
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
The woman is dicing onions
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
A couple holds a baby.
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
Two birds interacting in the grass
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A dog is barking
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
Two dogs are playing inside
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
The kitten is playing with a toy
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
A woman is ignoring a man
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
Weights are being lifted by the man
someone who takes photographs professionally.
a group of old men walking down the street
a boy falls off his red bike.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
Some men are running a race
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
A woman is putting away a potato
recover, return to former state
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A woman is not cutting shrimps
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Two dog play in the snow.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
(construction) a layer of masonry.
The woman is not handling a frog
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
wear away or erode.
The turtle is following the fish
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
A dog is running uphill
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
A kid is splashing in the pool
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
extend out or project in space.
get rid of.
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
A dog is catching a ball
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
There is no dog looking around
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
People standing outside at a carnival.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
A dog is chasing a ball
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A man is singing and playing a guitar
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
A man is slicing butter
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
an automobile race run over public roads.
Three friends are making faces for the camera
A dog running on the grass.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
cause to be hanging or suspended.
either half of an archery bow
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
A woman is riding her bicycle.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
The men are playing with a ball
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
Two people are talking
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
The cat is eating some corn
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Three bottles are on a table.
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
Parked white double decker bus.
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
the forceful hit of a ball
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
A big green ball is knocking a potato
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
unite or merge with something already in existence.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A person is boiling noodles
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
human legs, informal usage
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
A white dog walking in the snow.
A brown dog in a field.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
Preserve in a tin or jar.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
Medicines
give something for a cause
the act of damaging something or someone.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
cause to be/show to be invalid
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
the quality of being useful for something
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
The boys are standing and burning a car
study intensively as if preparing for a test
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
A man is singing into a microphone
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
a person who cleans chimneys
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
There is no man slicing a potato
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
the act of validating the authenticity of something
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
physical matter left behind after a removal process
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
Nobody is floating on a raft
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
A man is jumping into a pool
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
The woman is poking a potato
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Two women in a clothing store.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
A black dog walking through water.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
A white cat looking out of a window.
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
The animal with big eyes is eating
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
The dogs are running through the yard.
There is no man eating a pizza
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
Two dogs are running through the park
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
A greyish dog running in the snow.
A person is making a bed
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
The man is jumping into the water.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
limit the range or extent of.
The woman is not walking the dog
Two people are looking at a gold statue
A clown is singing
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
place too much a load on.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A potato is being sliced by a person
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
hit a fly (baseball)
Two women walking down the street
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
A woman is eating a cupcake
decorate a manuscript with red
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
A man is cracking eggs
There is no dog racing on a track
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
Gray cat looking out the window.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
any accounting period of 12 months.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
The man in not playing the flute
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
A group of people are walking
the state of being in contact
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
A woman is firing a rifle
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
Two children go sledding.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
The black and white dog is running indoors
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
Some men are resting
The brown dog is running across the sand.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
There is no woman firing a rifle
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
The onion is being cut by the man
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
A dog shakes his head.
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
A green bus drives down a road.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A man is kicking a soccer ball
There is no man reading the email
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
The dog is having a rest in the living room
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
A woman is shooting at target practice
the height of the sea's surface
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
income collected as tax by a government
A woman is cutting an onion
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Football players are stretching together.
dispose of (something useless or old).
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
A pencil is being sharpened
A guitar is being played by a kid
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
make a clicking or ticking sound.
bend into the shape of a crank.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
have or exploit a monopoly of.
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
become long or longer.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
two dogs running in grass
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
rot; become unfit for consumption
A woman is playing the flute
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
The man is practicing the guitar
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
disregard, fail to attend to
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
A horse is standing
A woman is looking curiously at a man
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
A woman is playing flute
two puppies playing around in the grass
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers  perhaps before the 2004 elections.
There is no man screaming
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
maintain, assert, or claim
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
face and withstand with courage.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
A man is rowing a boat
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
(finally) do something or be somewhere
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
A brown dog digs in the sand.
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
The dog is licking a bottle
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
The woman is seasoning the oil
The light brown dog is running up a street
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A cute panda is lying down
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
the primary component of a communication
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
The children of a family are playing and waiting
The person is slicing onions
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
Two dogs are running through a small pond
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
A woman is chopping an onion
A man is doing physical activity
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
Four people are walking on the beach
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
The person is writing
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
The act of arranging elements together.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
remove to or from a place or situation
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
return to a former condition.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Grass is being mowed by a man
A woman is slicing tofu
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
the act of devoting time and energy to something
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
Two dogs playing on the beach.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
A banana is being peeled by a person
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
A woman is walking off a stage
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
A person is dancing
A state of confusion or disorder.
A little dog is running on the sand
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
protect with or as if with a shield
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
the introductory section of a story.
The boy is playing in the sand.
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
Two men step off the bus together.
form a carpet-like cover (over).
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
A man is eating near the kittens
A woman is cutting a potato
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
Two females jump off of swings.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A black train moves down the tracks.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
Runners are competing in a race
like better; value more highly.
There is no woman cutting a potato
A person is singing and playing the guitar
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
Two white dogs are running together.
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the groups Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
A woman is chopping up garlic
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
A group of people are dancing
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
act of constructing
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
A brown puppy is biting a pole
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
A woman is sleeping
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
A boy is standing in the cold water
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
the uppermost area of region of something
Two people are not riding motorbikes
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
piece (something old) with a new part.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
The man is talking about the telephone
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
the act of fastening things together.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
have or be covered with bristles
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
ponder, consider, observe carefully
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
A black dog is running in the grass.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
join or attach with or as if with glue.
There is no man playing a flute
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
The woman is removing make-up
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
There is no man cutting a potato
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
A boy is looking at a calendar
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
People sitting on acouch.
A brown dog is standing in a lake
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
move as a crowd or in a group.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
The surfer is in the wave.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
The boy is spraying the plants with water
A quantity of something
A girl jumping in the grass.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
The cows feed in the trough.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
remove a constituent from a liquid.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
a person who is a member of a partnership.
the act of flipping a coin.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
the act of making a proposal.
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
the act of testing something.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
One man is leading the race
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
capital stock in a corporation
No dog is running through the snow
partake in a feast or banquet.
a sudden outburst.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
Three women are dancing
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
reverse the winding or twisting of.
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
the rescue or release of someone, something
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
write as if with print; not cursive.
A few people are dancing
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
an established or recognized right.
A child walking in the snow.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
Two boys are playing a video game
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
something serving as a cover or protection.
Someone is falling off the horse
The chef is seasoning the oil
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
be a sign or indication of.
A tan puppy being petted.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
some situation or event that is thought about.
move from one place to another.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
A group of young women stand together.
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
the act of moving, turning something
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
There is no woman deep frying food
One man is dancing
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
A black dog jumping into a lake.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
the context or setting in which something takes place
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
A blonds girl is surfing
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
a stiffener in a garment
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
be against, resist
Two dogs run through the snow.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
behave in a condescending manner
a woman with a big necklace.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
A door is being opened by a man
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
a disagreement or argument about something important.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
free (from restraint), let loose
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
A person is slicing some ginger
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
A kid is playing guitar
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
A man is going into the water
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
The small boy is standing in the forest
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
write all the required information onto a form.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
The girl is watering the plants
be in direct physical contact with
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
People on an amusement park ride.
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
A black dog jumps in the snow.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
A boy is running through the grass
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
The man is playing the flute
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
A girl blows on a dandelion.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
A baby is toddling happily
The dog is running into a brown light
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
A man is tying a shoe
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
A couple is running towards the ocean
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
Nobody is feeding an animal
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
A shirtless man catches a football
A horse is racing
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
money in the form of bills or coins.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
A man in a hat is walking through a store
A black and white dog runs through the water.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
Okra is being cooked in a pan
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
an exclusive, privileged group of people
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
A man is dropping a tree
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
estimate the value of.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
make tight or tighter.
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
There is no woman coating a pork chop
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
The man is putting away the bread
A man is riding an electric bicycle
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
Two dogs play in the water.
Room with several computer monitors.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
A black dog digs in the snow.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
A woman is dancing on a stage
the day immediately before today.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
Some fish are swimming
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
insert or close with a plug
the act of ending something.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
how something is done or how it happens.
put in a dangerous position
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
a brief statement.
Some persons are singing
Two children are not playing in the surf
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
the act of retaining something.
fail or suffer failure
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
cause (someone) to undergo something.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
A close-up of a horse.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A person is not tearing paper
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A truck is quickly going up a hill
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
social ranking or position
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
Two men are standing in deep water
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
A woman is slicing a carrot
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
A little girl is playing a guitar
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
an accounting period of 12 months
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
A horse is being ridden by a man
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
A man is driving a car
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
A blue train in a mountainous area.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
A woman is slicing a potato
coerce by violence or with threats.
A woman is slicing an eggplant
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
a person who plants bombs.
bring to a certain pressure
A dog is jumping through the water.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
A child with his hands on his head.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
A person is cutting some mushrooms
A black man and his dog on the beach.
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
A woman is performing in the rain
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
Physically raise from a lower position.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
the foremost part of something
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Carrots are being grated by a woman
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
any cause or source of great suffering
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
A close-up of a black train engine.
run or move very quickly or hastily.
contain or hold; have within.
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
A woman is dancing gracefully
a man sits on a rock.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
sorting one thing from others.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
thread on or as if on a string.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
luggage compartment of a car
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A dog splashing in the water.
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
beat or pound rapidly
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
Three men are looking into the distance
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
the act of explaining or defending something
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
A girl in white is dancing
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
the act of having and controlling property.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
A squirrel is running in circles
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
the act of creating an artistic work
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
A girl is awakening
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A woman is cutting shrimps
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
the act of putting something in working order again.
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
Two people are sitting on a white bench
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
come into the possession of.
A man is riding a motorbike
A man is playing the flute
abrupt state of disbelief about something
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
a dog pounces on the grass.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
The person is writing with a pencil
system of arrangement
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
There is no couple running towards the ocean
The hairy man is sitting on a train
an indication of something, evidence
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
a bird lands in the water.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
A dog jumps through water.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
A woman is sitting in the water.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
Some men are playing rugby
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
A multi-colored train on a track.
A dog sleeping under a table.
The women are divinely dancing outside
a formal association of people with similar interests.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
Two children are rolling in dirty water
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Two dogs run on the beach.
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
make impure.
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
get the meaning of something.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
A young boy is jumping out of the water
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
There is no lady peeling the potato
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
Two kids playing with a dog.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
move with a thrashing motion.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
A woman is cutting potatoes
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
There is no man eating a banana
touch or hold with the hands
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
learn by repetition.
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
Two white puppies are playing near water
Two dogs are running through the beach
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
An old person is sitting on a bench
The drums are being played by the man
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
have certain properties when driven.
People are singing and a clown is dancing
A woman is cutting meat
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
take something or someone away from somewhere
a major branch of a tree
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
A machine is sharpening a pencil
A double decker bus on a city street.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
The man is catching a fish
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
The girl is riding the horse
cause to be interested or curious.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
Three boys playing soccer.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
remove shells or husks from.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed 4.1 billion merger.
The horse is being ridden by the girl
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
A very retro living room with a television in it.
There is no man pointing at a car
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
The man is not playing the guitar
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
The writing is about a person penciling
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
clean with hard rubbing.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
make by combining materials and parts.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
A young couple is lying on a bed together
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
A large white bird flying over water.
hunt for hawks
The lady is dicing onions
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
a small thin branch of a tree.
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
the armed forces
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
A musician is playing a keyboard
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
make amorous or sexual advances toward
A boy is staring at a calendar
A man is cutting onions
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
There is no man playing a guitar
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
wet with a spurt of liquid.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
give certain properties to something.
starting page of a website
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
A tiger is not walking around
abstain from eating or from certain foods
Several children playing in a ball pit.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
fix or set securely or deeply.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
act of moving or conveying something
Someone is holding a hedgehog
A man is walking in the rain
the introductory portion of a story
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
The man is playing a harp
a usually brief attempt.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
A dog plays in the water.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Dogs are running on a track
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
remove or force out from a position.
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
People stand outside a bookstore.
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
A baby is sitting
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
One man is turning on the microwave
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted.
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
A person is riding a motorcycle
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
A man is playing a violin
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A woman is riding a horse
have need of.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
Someone is playing a piano
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
There is no woman dancing near a fire
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
Runners are racing down a track
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
A woman is cutting tofu
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A man is getting a garage for the car
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
cancel, reverse, annul
the act of sorting things into categories
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
A man is not cutting an onion
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
actors in a play
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
A deer is jumping over a fence
A baby is playing with a dog 
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
A man is speaking on a stage
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
register formally as a participant or member.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
a black dog digging through the snow.
A man is playing a trumpet
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
a distinctive style of clothing
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
Train pulling into a station.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
A basketball player holding a basketball.
a group of children playing with a dog
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
A woman is cutting a lemon
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
A man is making a bed
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
furnish with spars.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
the actors in a play.
A man is playing baseball.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
A person is buttering a tray
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
There is no man speaking on a podium
give new life or energy to.
There is no man diving off a cliff
get involved or mixed-up with.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
a group of young men sing out together.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
react to in a certain way.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
The man is eating a banana by a tree
draw advantages from.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
A boy running through green grass.
the state of being joined or united or linked.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
A man is playing the piano
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
A person is riding an old motorcycle
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
A train traveling down the tracks.
A group of people are in the water.
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
energy in the form of molecular motion
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
The person is walking
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
A person is cutting some ginger
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
make (a surface) shine.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
narrate or give a detailed account of.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
A tan dog is running through the snow
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
A dog in a car.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
A boy is running through the sand
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
There is no man fishing in the river
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
A man is playing a guitar
move very slightly.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
something considered trite but amusing
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
an exclusive group of people.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
surround completely.
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A dog walks through the snow.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
the event of proposing or volunteering something
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
a member of a police force.
hold or embrace in a tight grip
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
cite as an authority; resort to.
a computer-generated visual image
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
A woman is cutting fruit
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
the translation of an opus from one language to another
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
Turn the paddle or oar.
covering for a bed
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
use resources or materials
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
A cartoon airplane is landing
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
Cover or back with foil.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
One man is playing the guitar
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
make high-pitched sounds.
determine the essential quality of.
the act of moving from one place to another.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
A man is stopping a horse
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
feel the need to eat.
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
There are no men fighting
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
A man is having fun with water
to become aware of through the senses.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
retreat or move from a position, relocate
A red bird is perched in a tree.
There is no woman combing her hair
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
A dog is jumping in the snow.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
the act of combining, blending, integrating
A little girl is selling a scooter
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
A bald person is playing a guitar
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
tell or spread rumors.
go away or leave.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A child is falling asleep
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
an approximate attribute or quality of something
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
One small child is filling the cup with water
sway to and fro.
A boy is happily playing the piano
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A large flute is being played by a man
A woman is cutting an octopus
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
There is no child holding a squirt gun
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A biker jumps an obstacles.
A man climbing a cliff face.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
give suck to.
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
A cat standing on tree branches.
Small office space with bright green walls.
signify or mean to express or convey
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
break from a meeting or gathering.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
(Literally) sound with resonance.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
put or introduce into something.
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
A woman is not cutting meat
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the countrys only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
take up or begin anew.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
A man is reading an email
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
A man is not cutting a potato
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
A frog is being handled by the woman
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
put or set into, between or among
Domestic cat looking out window.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
A woman is slicing an octopus
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
The woman is putting makeup on the man
a man and a woman posing for a picture
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
A dog is running toward the camera.
place limits on (extent or access).
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
A cat is eating some corn
A flute is being played by the man
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
trace the form or outline of
A black dog running through water.
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
The drums are being played by a man
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
make undue claims to having.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
give to, and receive from, one another.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
cause to become alive again.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
make or become harder
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
two people who are married to each other.
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
A man is cutting a fish
The act of sorting one thing from others.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
A young girl is using sign language
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A white dog runs on a beach.
A dog running along the beach.
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, arent indigenous to Wisconsin.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
opening shot in billiards or pool
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
anything with the form of a thin strip
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
The woman is cooking eggs
Two children are climbing a tree
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
informal terms for the leg.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
Three brown dogs are in the water.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
verify something by comparing to a standard
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
Remove by rubbing
Two children are playing in the surf
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A train is running on the tracks.
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
make a written note of.
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
a citizen of ancient Troy
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
Fish is being fried by a woman
have flavor; taste of something.
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
the act of projecting out from something.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
the act of giving temporary assistance.
Two people are riding a bike
A man is speaking
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
One woman is playing a flute
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
make a hole with a pointed tool
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
A brown horse in a green field.
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
the conclusion of a communication
the center region of an object
the act of creating written works.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
the act of hearing attentively.
put into a certain place or abstract location.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
Two dogs play together on the bed.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
A man is carrying a woman
the state of taking in or encircling.
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
Five adults are sitting on a chair
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
get rid of as if by submerging.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
cause to come to the ground.
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
A young boy is using sign language
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
shoot down birds
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
the intended meaning of a communication.
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
A person is eating at a table
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
move from one location to another
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
The piece of paper is not being cut
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
There is no panda climbing
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
the act of forming or establishing something.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
A man is cutting a potato
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
There is no woman riding a horse
A woman is standing near three children
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A black dog is playing in the snow.
a dog runs across the path.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
Two dogs are resting on the beach
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
A man is shooting a shotgun
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
person who manages money in board games
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
appoint to clerical posts
The man is driving a car carefully
There is no girl jumping into the car
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
Three men are practicing karate in a field
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
A man walking a large black horse.
A dog shaking water off.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
Three dogs run through a field.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
A woman and three men are denying a photo
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
work with a tool.
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
The deer is not jumping over the fence
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
the state of being actual or real.
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A boy is playing a keyboard
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
The man is rock climbing
Three women are sitting in a village
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
A brown dog running after a young cow.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A brown dog running through the woods.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
A cat looking out of a window.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
The man is climbing up a rope
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
A guitar is being played by a baby
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
turn from an upright/normal position
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
storage cabinet furniture
A baby is cheering another baby
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
The man is cooking slices of potato
Two dogs are running on the grass.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
Two dogs groom each other.
Two cars are racing down the track
remove from memory or existence.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A man and a woman are having a conversation
A machine is sharpening a knife
Boat sails in rough water.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
A person is peeling a banana
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
A train on the train tracks.
A man is playing a keyboard
Two teams are playing soccer
the speech act of making something evident.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A woman is storing broccoli
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
be or act in association with.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
The badger is burrowing a hole
the motion of one object relative to another.
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
the act of taking of a person by force.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
Older woman holding newborn baby.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
The deer is jumping over the low fence
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
create a new entity by putting components or members together
A biker is wearing gear which is black
two dogs running on the beach
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
make thick or thicker.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
look through a book or other written material.
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
infer or believe to be the case
move or establish in a new location.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
A girl is playing on a toy phone
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
There is no man exercising
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
a boat moving in a river.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A woman is drying eggs
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
Children play in a pile of snow.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
an observer of a process or activity
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
A man is eating a banana
Two boys are running around a field.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
take into one's family or group
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A woman is cutting a carrot
the act of improving something's quality
A man is playing keyboards
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
the act of climbing something.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
An airplane is flying through the air
the event of something being raised upward.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
A small white dog running across a lawn.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
There are no children playing and waiting
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
the act of grasping into one's arms
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
mold for casting, setting concrete
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
A person is holding up an electronic device
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A white dog bounding through snow
There is no biker jumping in the air
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
House with a red door.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
A group of people are dancing at a concert
The man is playing a guitar
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
a group of nations having common interests.
There is no man thinking
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
The cow is grazing in a field.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
The doctors are not reviving a man
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
A boat in the water.
There is no man mowing grass
the close approach of one object to another
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
Two trains are traveling on the track.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
facility for secure storage of things, often money
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
burst into flames (telic)
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
There is no man carrying a woman
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
state of being unified
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
Somebody is playing the piano
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
A lady is putting on makeup
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
Two dogs run through mud.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
Someone is drawing a person
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
Rewrite in a different script.
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
The person is going into the water
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A woman is putting meat in a pan
communicate with a hiss
a casual, brief meeting with someone
give a specific interpretation to
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Two cubs are playing
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
head of a country
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
A person is recklessly riding a horse
Two men are playing guitar
go after with the intent to catch.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A man is sky surfing on the water.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
The piano is being played by someone
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
A woman is slicing a green pepper
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
Rugby players are tackling each other
the state of being employed or having a job.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
remove substances from a liquid or solution
A group of men play rugby.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
the state of being excommunicated.
bring into a different state.
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A dog is running through tall grass.
A moped in front of ruins.
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
A skier is falling into the snow.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
There is no lemur eating
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
take vows, as in religious order.
Two white horses staring over a fence.
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
hit or return before it touches the ground
A women standing next to a brown cow.
A man is picking up a tree
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
the end or completion of something.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
raise to a higher energy level.
decorative cover for a bed.
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
Three children stand on or near a fence.
A young girl is standing still
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
Two children are playing
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
Kids playing ball in the park.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
the act of decreasing something markedly.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
Many people are skating in an ice park
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
Two people sitting on a dock.
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
A person is eating in a restaurant
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
The small dog protects its owner.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Two young children are eating corndogs
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
A man is making a speech on a podium
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
A person is holding a skunk
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
A man is singing
time to come
A child rides a bike high in the air.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
cause to become widely known.
the act of throwing a baseball
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
A player is running with the ball
There is no cat playing with a device
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
A person is playing a piano
A kid is playing with a toy dog
Two dogs playing by the shore.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
utter in a certain way
two dogs play in the grass.
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
A man is rising from a swamp
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
There is no man speaking on a stage
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
argue or speak in defense of.
Dogs are racing on a track
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
A large white crane is flying near the water
A man and a woman are walking nicely
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
A person is dicing an onion
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
People sitting on the porch.
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
The man is driving a car
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
Two cows standing in a large field.
An old man sitting down watching something.
There is no person cutting an onion
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
break up a solid, usually into a solution
A person is writing
lessen in force or effect.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
matter that remains after something has been removed.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The man is rising from a swamp
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
Two men are holding fishing poles
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
The person is playing the guitar
A man is putting down the flute
Two pandas are not lying together
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
a brief experience of something.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A woman is being caged for the dance
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
the act of choosing or selecting
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
An officer is talking to the recruits
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
A grey house with a red door.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
enjoy, be fond of or approve
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
There is no dog running on the beach
a native of ancient Troy.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
There is no one peeling a banana
A young boy is riding a bike.
No onion is being cut by a man
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
A pizza is being eaten by a man
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
A man is getting off the car
a large or extra supply of something.
Fly in or on a glider plane
make hard or harder.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
A man is spitting
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
A guy is mowing the lawn
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
idolize/show devotion to
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
jolt of electrical current to the body
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
A group of football players is standing still in the field
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
a small, indefinite portion of something
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
A black dog, running on grass.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
observe with care or pay close attention to.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
pass the tongue over.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
manner of handling, managing someone or something
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
A man is folding a tortilla
A man is slicing potatoes
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
Two people are kissing near a crowd
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
make even or more even.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
A white dog runs on the sand.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
make lighter or brighter.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
activity of selling
There is no man doing a card trick
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
Change one for another
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
A child is holding a squirt gun
A black dog is jumping out of water.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
show the form or outline of.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
turn on or around an axis or a center.
cause to move, cause to be moved
A man is standing on a roof
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A group of football players is running in the field
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
The white dog runs through the ocean.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
A man is singing to a woman
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
The woman is playing the flute
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
increase the volume of.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
preserve in a can or tin.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
A man is naked and is lying in the field
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
A dog rolls on the ground.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
A woman is riding on an elephant
tell or spread rumors; say
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
make more complex or intricate
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
the physical position of something.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
A dog playing in the snow.
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
A black and white dog running between poles.
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
propagation of waves back from a surface
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
A girl is playing a flute
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
A woman is riding an animal
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
A toy train is hitting a toy car
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
The man is playing the guitar
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
A man is slicing a bun
A man is holding a frog
Two animals are running through the park
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
One man is turning off the microwave
A man is rinsing a large steak
A bull standing in the field.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
A group of sheep in a field.
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
A person is packing a zucchini
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
A dog jumps of a surfboard
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
an objective or goal
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
provide with a toggle or toggles.
glare or strike with intensity
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
The man is performing a large jump
move along on wheels
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A woman is cutting some plants
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
A cute panda is not lying down
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
be or play a part of or in.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
a bus driving in a street.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
come into conflict, meet in opposition
two spotted dogs are running through a field
The basketball player holds the ball.
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
There is no man tying a shoe
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
A dog is eating a doll
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
provide or equip with furniture.
change toward something smaller or lower.
cause to come out in a squirt.
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
A race care driving along a dirt road.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
A person is riding a horse
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
A monkey is kicking a person
There is no woman playing the violin
A man's face is being painted by a woman
the act of colliding with something.
Some children are playing on a statue
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
Two men are not fighting
A pale dog runs down a path.
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
Two dogs in the snow
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
Two small children walking in a field.
A harp is being played by a man
a prediction of the course of a disease.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
Make (undue) claims of owning.
There is no man walking in the rain
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
Four dogs playing in the snow.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
A woman is dancing
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
A man is making music with a flute
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
transfer from one place or period to another.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
A dog is barking noisily
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
A girl is playing a guitar
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
Someone is not reading the email
A man is playing a piano
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
pass over, across, or through.
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
Mimes are performing on a small stage
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A woman is dancing near a fire
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
whip with or as if with a whisk
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
The man is not dancing
A dog is running on a muddy path
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
A woman is sewing with a machine
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
A white plane on the runway.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
A person is driving the white car
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
There are no children playing on a statue
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
lock with one another
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
Birds fly low over water.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
a surfer rides up the wave.
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
A woman leading a white horse.
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
There is no man playing a harp
Children jumping on a trampoline.
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
make a certain size or sort according to size
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
allow to have.
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
The dogs are running in the snow.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
Three cows grazing in a field.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
A biker is riding away from a fence
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A skateboarder doing a jump.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
change the arrangement or position of.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
There is no man slicing a tomato
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
come back after being refused.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
lack of agreement or harmony.
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
There is no one typing
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
The man is pacing around a room
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
A couple is looking at a street guide
A dog runs through the grass.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
allow the passage of air through.
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
perform or supervise a ritual
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
to combat or oppose someone or something
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
A person is riding a bike
A dog is running through the white snow
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
Two dogs play on the grass.
the essence or gist of something
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
Young couple sitting on couch.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
a person who delivers information or goods
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
The woman is slicing a tomato
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
A train parked at a train station.
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
A woman is being measured by another woman
A man is buttering a piece of bread
Two dogs run through a field.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
A group of children playing with props
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
The man is aiming a gun
A person is riding an electric bicycle
There is no man running down the road
subsist on a meager allowance.
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
There is no man riding a motorcycle
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
clear mucus from one's throat
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
spend time in prison
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
cause to become violent or angry.
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
separate with or as if with an instrument.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A few men are playing cricket
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
a dog runs across the grass.
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
A tan dog is running through the brush
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
A man is freeing a fish
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
A dog shakes off water
A hockey player looks intently downward.
There are no dogs playing in the snow
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
A guy on a white horse.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A man dances on a colorful wall.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
A black dog is running in the grass
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
Two blond girls are playing together.
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
Two ducks are standing by the water.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
A woman is firing a weapon
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
A black dog jumps through the water.
form schemes in an underhand manner
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
The boy is checking a calendar
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
pronounce with a nasal twang
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
the act of people having sex
A close up of a brown faced cat.
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
A dog runs through shallow water.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
become or make oneself fresh again.
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
A woman is chopping up an octopus
a specialized division of a large organization.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
make a written note of something
A woman is parking a Seadoo
A man is jumping into a full pool
glare or strike with great intensity.
A man is using a knife to open a box
Two people are walking near the water
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
A man is walking down a road
One boy is happily playing a piano
A man is packing a violin
Two dogs are playing outside
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
A boy is playing a guitar
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
The men are playing soccer
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
A lady is cutting up some meat
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
A cow is eating grass
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
A bike is being ridden by a person
People travel up the elevator together.
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
A passenger train waiting in a station.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
The man is slicing a potato
A group of people are standing
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
Someone is writing
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
throw quickly, flick
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
hand over or put in
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
The children are playing in front of a large door
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
prevent from entering; keep out.
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
A woman is boiling noodles in water
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
have as a logical consequence.
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
put an end to.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
Someone is cutting a tomato
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
repeat; reestablish or begin again
adapt to a specified measurement.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
A woman is slicing a tomato
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
The train sits at the train station.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
turning or twisting around (in place).
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
a dog shews on a big stick.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
The rhino is being fed on the grass
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
to ignite or catch on fire
There is no woman riding a water scooter
Man rowing a boat.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
accounting period of 12 months
a lid or top of a container
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
Two white dogs running in grass.
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
Some men are idling
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
There is no woman playing a guitar
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
the action of putting something into operation.
A baby is not playing with a doll
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
People and camels at a beach.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
Three dogs playing on grass.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
The men are not talking
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
Two men are talking
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
the face or front of a building.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
A man is riding a horse in the desert
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
There is no woman slicing a fish
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
the act of governing, administrating
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A bird is resting its wings in the water
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
A girl is styling her hair
Two children hug one another.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
Cook in cream or using cream.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
A man with no shirt is holding a football
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
a serving of a beverage
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
take up someone's soul into heaven.
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
Small black dog running in grass
A man is doing exercise
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
the act of designating a role to someone
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
Two people are playing ping pong
The woman is dancing
the money
the justification for some act or belief.
A woman pointing at a geyser.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
A dog runs across the grassy field.
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
The meat is being dropped into a pan
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher  a three-term congressman from Lexington  had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
A man is thinking
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
Three women are resting in a village
A person is brushing a cat
A woman is amalgamating eggs
Three dogs are in the snow.
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A girl is messing up her hair
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A man is standing in front of a wall
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
A man is jumping rope outside
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
advance or set forth in court.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
Two men are playing table football
A woman is cooking eggs
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
scoop up, as if with a ladle
make a mess of or create disorder in.
A woman is firing at target practice
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
a woman with a viking hat on.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
A woman poses with a baby.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
a vehicle race on public roads
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A man is emptying a plastic container
A man is being roped before a climb
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
The person is playing with a skull
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
A lion is slowly walking
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
strike as if by whipping.
Some kittens are eating
A dog is running with a volleyball
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
be located at or on top of something
Black and white cat lying under bush.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
The man is eating cereal
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
the act of appraising, critiquing something
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A person is frying food in a pan
A girl in a white dress is running
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
A dog runs through sand.
the act of applying force to propel something.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
the act of dwelling in a place.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
hurl as if with a sling.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
take or have a position relative to others.
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
a caress with the lips
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
the last section of a communication.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A couple walking down the street.
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
enter uninvited.
A black faced sheep.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
Some food is being eaten by a man
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
a black dog swimming through a river.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
A plane flying at a distance.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
regain or make up for.
the act of constructing something.
get or gather together.
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
A man is standing shirtless in the street
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
a black dog runs across the snow.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
Three men are dancing
travel along a zigzag path.
A person is putting away the mushrooms
Additionally, the h2210s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
Boy feeding a sheep.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
A girl is playing the piano
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
A boy is wearing sunglasses
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
the activity of putting something in written form.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
Two men are taking a break from work
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
A dog is running in the snow.
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
compel to behave in a certain way.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
Two dogs running down a beach.
The man is going into the water.
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
A black dog is running in snow.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
take into one's family.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
A seabird is flying over some rocks
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
flog or whip
Dalmation running along the beach.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
A woman is looking at the view of a city
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
A girl is waking up
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A man is not playing with water
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
face an event and survive; endure
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
the state of being depleted.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
A person is tearing paper
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
A couple is looking at a map
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
The dog runs through the water.
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
the act of advocating or promoting something
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
A young boy falls off his bike.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
the identification or the realization of something
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
a judgement or opinion about something
The horse is being ridden by a man
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
A man is laughing
Someone is falling off a horse
A person is dancing in the rain
A plane flying near the sunset.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
Two dogs standing in snow.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
A man is playing the guitar
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
examine minutely; search diligently
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
the natural progression or development of something
make a logical or causal connection.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
coating used as a repellant to moisture
make unfit or unsuitable.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
A rope is being climbed by a man
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
The blue train is at the station.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
A group of guys play instruments outside.
fail to attend to.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
A man is cutting a tomato
the act of choosing or selecting.
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
A man in a cap is playing a harp
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
There is no man shooting a shotgun
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
A black dog walks through some water.
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
goal or objective
One man is sitting on the chair
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
A person is tearing sheets
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
A small girl is riding in a toy car
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
regard something as probable or likely.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
The man is running on the road
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
emit a brief burst of light.
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
Some dogs are playing in a stream
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
decide upon or fix definitely.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
Man and child skiing.
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
A man is slicing an onion
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
an established line of travel or access.
the act of protesting, dissenting
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
A man is jumping on a trampoline
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
A light brown dog is running in the water
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
assign a new time and place for an event.
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
partake or provide a banquet
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
Small boat going down a creek.
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
A person is not frying meat in a pan
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
travel; make a tour of a place
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A dog is running along the grass.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
The lamb is looking at the camera.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
A lemur is licking a person's finger
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
Two men in hats pose together.
A young boy is jumping into water
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
Two people are driving a motorcycle
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Two children jump on a trampoline.
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
the act of providing incentive to someone
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A person is wrapping up an onion
A bottle is being licked by the cat
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
A man is untying a rope
A child and parent pet a horse.
drag loosely along a surface, trail
There is no woman peeling a potato
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
furnish with a guideline
cause to become awake or conscious.
get involved with or mixed up
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
A man is shooting guns
A man is doing exercises
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
The man isn't operating a stenograph
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
The white dog is running along the beach.
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
A young couple is not lying in bed
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
bring in to consonance
There is no man playing a keyboard
A man is pouring oil into a pan
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
A journey for some purpose.
act or move at high speed.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
the visual appearance of something or someone.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
A man is picking a can
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
A man is opening a door
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
give to a charity or good cause.
The person is brushing a cat
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
make underscoring marks.
rehearse, learn by repetition
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
a project or undertaking
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
A dog running on the grass
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
hit before it touches the ground.
Two dogs are running through high grass
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
A podium is where a man is speaking
A man in a hat is playing a harp
A man is diving into a pool
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
Make sure of.
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
The dog is running through a field.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
A dog runs through a snowy field.
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
the act of suction
make sense of, give meaning to
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
The man isn't doing a magic trick
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
place into the ground for growing
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
An airplane is taking off
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
A woman is peppering green slices
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A child rolls around in a large tire.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A dog is looking at a store counter
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A woman is cutting some flowers
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A little girl on a kid swing.
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
the state of being in working order
A man is cutting a lemon
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
A man is performing a trick on a bike
A man is sharpening a knife
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
Kids play soccer on a field.
He said: They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
The man is up in the air.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
put or store in a bottle
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A small dog leaps in the water.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
A brown and white dog running on grass.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
cause to grow thin or weak.
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
Two men are swimming in deep water
A dog is playing on the green grass
A crowd of people is far from the water
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
A picture is being drawn by a man
A dog is lying on a trampoline
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
be affected with smut or mildew
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
The man is not talking on the phone
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
Two boys are studying
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
The dog plays in the park.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
The dog is running through the dry sand
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
a spoken or written reply to a question
A man is fishing in the river
A bird with it's wings spread
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
find, determine the place of
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
One man is riding a horse
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Two poodles are running through the snow.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
Three friends are making faces for a photo
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
A small cat is lying on a bed
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
a dog sprints across the water.
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
A flute is being put away by a girl
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
A boy is saying a word
Two dogs running in the dirt
A song is being sung by a clown
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
connect with; reach a target or goal
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
A dog is biting a can
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The girl is on a swing.
A tiger is walking around a cage
Three dogs race in the snow together.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
Make or create something for a specific function.
A black dog running in the snow.
the finger next to the thumb.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
The government did not identify the taikonauts  a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space  who would travel on the second mission.
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
have faith or confidence in.
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
A herd of deer is crossing the street
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
A man is dancing on a roof 
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A black and white photo of an old train station.
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
be tantamount or equivalent to.
The black dog plays in the snow.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
Someone is typing
The log is lying on the panda bear
identify or pick out someone or something
make believe with the intent to deceive.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
the act of hiring something or someone.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
committee with supervisory powers
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
A surfer is surfing a big wave
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
A dog running through a creek.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
the act of raising something.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
an offer of marriage.
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
the act of giving someone a job.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
A woman is washing a big pepper
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
the selection of a lottery winner
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
a channel for communication between groups.
state of being unclothed, naked
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
There is no boy playing a piano
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A person is planting a tree
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
The child is silent
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
There is no man eating some food
The windows are being polished by a man
A boy is playing guitar
the trait of wasting resources.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
A woman is putting make-up on
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
The act of talking about the features of something.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
There is no water being drunk by a cat
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A dog is running with a ball
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
There is no tiger cub making a sound
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
Some kids play in a field.
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
A child playing in water.
cover with a primer base
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
The woman is walking the dog
A man with a camera is studying the subject
There is no man cutting a box
A guy is riding a horse
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A golden dog is running through the snow.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
A person is playing a guitar and singing
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A baseball player hitting the ball
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
The man is playing a flute
A brown dog is running in a field.
Two people in two chairs are reading
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
The women are singing and dancing
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
The brown dog is running in the snow
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
guide, draw through
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
an opinion formed by judging something.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
a rank or position relative to others
Two men are not holding fishing poles
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
There is no man reading an email
There is no dog barking at a ball
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
set forth as an introduction or preface
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A person is cutting an onion
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
A person is slicing a potato
the act of applying force suddenly.
make up something artificial or untrue.
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
A white airplane is on a runway.
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
the popular taste at a given time.
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
There is no woman slicing a potato
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
take up with the tongue.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A woman is putting away a carrot
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
injure by turning or rotating
A man is running in a field
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
A man is talking to a woman
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
The person is boiling noodles
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
let or cause to fall in drops.
A woman is rowing a boat
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
Four people are performing music outdoors
the noise of something rapping against a surface
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
It is raining on a walking man
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
lay with rails.
confine as if in a prison.
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
A pianist is playing the keyboard
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
fail to do something; leave something undone.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
A tan and white dog runs through water.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
allow the passage of air
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
A man is taking pictures of a lake
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
A woman is exercising
The man is not playing the drums
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
remove tree stumps from.
give surety or assume responsibility.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
A sea turtle is hunting for food
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Two dogs play together in the yard.
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
A man is riding a bicycle
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
confine in or as if in a prison
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
The man is cutting cooked octopus
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
The woman is holding a whole tomato
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A group of people are dancing in a show
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
an explanation or alibi for something
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
Hay is being eaten by a cow
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
the act of breaking something.
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
the political head of city government
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
A person near an onion has a cut
People are riding two camels on the sand
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
A football player is wearing black armbands
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
indicate a decision in regard to.
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
Nobody is slicing a tomato
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
Two young women sit by a fountain.
The man is racing for the lead 
The man is playing a game on a lawn
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
A man is jumping off a low wall
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
handle effectively.
the act of flipping an object into the air
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
A clown is singing and people are dancing
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
a physical entity
the act of putting something in a certain place.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
A young boy is playing a guitar
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
A person is standing near a motorcycle
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
A backpack standing beside a train.
A man is mowing grass
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
An onion is being sliced
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
stamp or emboss with a block
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
state of being under control
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
The military officer is barking at the recruits
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
There is no man playing guitar
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
A little girl is peddling a scooter
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
Nobody is brushing a cat
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
examine minutely.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
shoot down, of birds.
A boy is playing a piano
A girl sitting in a living chair.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
The dogs are running through the water
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
A dog is running on the road
a stovetop, cooking appliance
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
The act of having and controlling property.
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
the act of changing the location of something.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
make the surface of level or smooth.
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
A white dog is running through the snow.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
put in the mind of someone.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
A dog with golden fur is in the water
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
adhering to moral principles.
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
take or capture by force.
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
remove the pod, husk or shell
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
Rugby players are not tackling each other
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
Two black dogs in the snow.
Three children playing on the floor.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
The woman is measuring a man
hold or carry in equilibrium.
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
A dog is rolling on the ground
an agent or company that insures something
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
the state of being in effect or being operative.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
an extended area of land.
the act of swallowing.
A man is carefully climbing a rope
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
the act of contacting one thing with another.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
a method for solving a problem
indicate a decision or prediction
There is no woman dancing in a cage
The bird is sitting on the branch.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
a process of development, increase or advancement
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
acknowledge a contribution or cause
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
a dog runs through the water.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
Three children are running up hill
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
A brown dog running through the grass.
make or be a summary
A person is combing the fur of a cat
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
A woman holding a small baby.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
Four children looking at barn animals.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
A man is not playing keyboards
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
come up, as of liquid or gas
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A man is jumping onto a low wall
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
assembled group of spectators at a performance
The man is seasoning the meat
There is no man eating food
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
The man is not performing a large jump
move in circles.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
A passenger train in the snow.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
A monkey is practicing martial arts
an informal right to something.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
Two dogs are running together outside.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A skateboarder on a ramp.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
A chef is discarding some food
There is no boy looking at a calendar
go around the rim of
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
Two young children are on sand.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
move an implement through.
A brown dog running.
Four people eating dessert around a table.
tag the base runner to get him out.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
make or become less strict or severe
A man is packing the guitar
prove to be false or incorrect.
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
There is no dog running with a volleyball
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
A violin is being played by a man
The man is playing with a skull
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
state of being active, bustling about
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
refer for judgment or consideration.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
Some paper is being cut
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
A person is playing the keyboard
Mimes are performing on a stage
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
the act of swallowing liquid
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
give or convey physically.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
A brown dog running
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
an indicator that orients you generally.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
A person is eating a cut onion
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
A rider is surfing the wave
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A white dog running in the snow.
A man is sitting in the rain
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
two tan dogs play in the grass
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Give suck to; receive suck.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
register formally as a participant
A man is shooting with a weapon
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
get on top of; deal with successfully.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
A boy is playing on a toy phone
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
A flute is being played by a man
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
a computer program that performs system support
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
A man is hanging up the phone
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
A skateboarder on a city street.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
A brown dog is running in the grass.
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
Two white dogs running in the snow.
A baseball player throws the ball.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
A blond girl waves while she is riding
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Three boys are jumping off a platform
obtain or provide money for.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
produce a click.
The panda bear is lying on the logs
A surfer is falling off the wave
Three people are driving ATVs
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
There is no person riding a bike
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
A small white cat standing in a sink.
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
to wind or move in a spiral course.
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
A box is being cut by a man
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
cause to move round and round.
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
meshed frame over windows and doors
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
originate or come into being.
There is no man playing the guitar
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A brown dog is running along a beach.
make or become brighter or lighter
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
A piano is being played by a man
remove water from.
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
free from obligations or duties.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
Some people are playing cricket
A dog plays in the snow.
A little white dog running through the sand.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
The woman and the man are travelling by car
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
A toy train is striking a toy car
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
A person is reading the email
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
two woman sit on a park bench.
exercise or have power of memory
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
act or do something in reaction to something
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
mock or make fun of playfully.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
An organization that sponsors a large public event
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
A man is talking on the phone
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
prevent the progress or free movement of.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A squirrel is lying down
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
A horse is running
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
smother, surpress or lessen something
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
Cars driving near a model building.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
A few people are singing
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
A girl slides down a purple slide.
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
support by placing on or against something solid
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
accuse formally of a crime.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
A man is crying
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
a state of exposure to harm
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
Two people diving into a body of water.
Make reference to something.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
A woman is squeezing a lemon
A woman with a white horse.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
The man is slicing bread
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
An onion is being sliced by a person
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
A boy standing on a beach.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
Many cars parked on a mountain.
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
A man is playing two keyboards
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A mountain is being climbed by two men
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
A big fish is catching a man
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
Five black dogs run in a field.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
remove from a place or from office
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A man is phoning
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
A man is drawing
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
A tiger is walking outside a cage
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
A white dog running on the beach.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
The monkey is practicing martial arts
move in a group or flock
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
create a mess or disorder
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
prepare for/put to action or use
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
A woman is not riding a horse
the act of taking an offer
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
There is no dog running in the grass
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
have a logical result
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
The man is throwing knives at a tree
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A woman is playing a flute
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
turn in to get something in exchange
An animal is biting a person's finger
The status of being champion.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
Black and white dog running through water.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
a constructed underground passageway
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
A group of people is near the sea
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
room where work is done.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
A little black dog is running on the snow.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
A woman is breaking eggs
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
A person is frying meat in a pan
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
A brown and white dog is running through the river
want, desire or perfer to do something
Child milking a cow outside.
A boy riding on a swing.
The bearded man is sitting on a train
Two children jumping into a body of water.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
burn slightly to affect color
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
the act of granting rights.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
Two panda bears are lying together
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
There is no cat swinging on a fan
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
A cat is playing a keyboard
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
A woman is not slicing garlic
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
A man is walking in a yard
A man is playing soccer
A surfer is riding the wave
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A woman is grating carrots
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
the act of examining resemblances.
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
A man is passionately playing the guitar
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
become hard or harder.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
A prawn is being cut by a woman
The man is wildly dancing
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
a stronghold.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
The boy is studying a calendar
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
The man is painting
the place within which an authority has power
Performance, routine
A man is removing some food from a box
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The man is lowering barbells
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
run around the rim of.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
a single chance or instance.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
an aptitude that may be developed.
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
The men are not playing soccer
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
The baby is laughing and crawling
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
define; determine essential qualities of
A small animal is lying on the bed
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A man is racing
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
The seagull is floating on the water.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
A small dog runs through a field.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
The white dog runs across the snow.
A child cavorts on the road.
throw with force
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
feel the strong need to eat
the act of expressing approval, support of something
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
admit to testing or proof.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
A plane in the sky.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
assign to a particular task
A man is dancing
A dog swims in the water.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
hold in a given state or situation
A young boy is diving into a still lake
four people are on a boat on green water.
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
The girl is lounging
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A jockey riding a horse.
There is no rope being climbed by a man
a state or act of gaining pleasure
settlement of people distant from their homeland
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A few animals are out of the water
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
Someone is putting away a keyboard
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
a collection of something, often a large amount
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
provide a feast or banquet for.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
Someone is not playing piano
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A man is jumping rope in a field
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
the act of concealing or disguising
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
A playing device is amusing a cat
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
The turtle isn't following the fish
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
The black dog is not running through the grass
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
a formation of people or things one beside another.
Doctors have speculated that the bodys own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
one fourth of a year
express or utter with a hiss.
a boundary area or edge of something
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
The animal is grazing on the grass
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
A group of people ride in a race
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
culminating event
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
A child is waking up
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
A person is unfolding a tortilla
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
imagine; form a mental picture of something
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
A boy is sitting on the ground
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
do something considered below one's diginty
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
Understand the meaning of something.
hit a fly.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
a state of confinement in a small space
A dog catching a ball.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
a body of students who are taught together.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
A band is not playing some instruments
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
The woman is drawing a man
regard with consideration or respect
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
A man and a woman are smiling.
the ability to recall things
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
A band is playing some instruments
appoint to a clerical posts.
move back and forth
a company that provides public service commodities
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
the successful action of solving a problem.
have sexual intercourse with.
A man is playing the drums
A close up view of a bottle of water.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A dog is having fun with a toy
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
A man is idling on the floor
(cause to) survive
A man is singing to a girl
A white cat standing on a carpet.
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
The man is operating a stenograph
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
the alleviation of distress
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A bride with a black veil is looking down
There is no woman cutting an onion
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
An area that is central within some larger region.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
There is no boy walking across a bridge
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
A man is working on the laptop
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
A woman is drying noodles
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
A white train pulling into a station.
deal with in a routine way.
A group of children is playing tambourines
A dog is running towards a ball
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
An animal is resting
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
an aggressive willingness to compete.
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
Two dogs play in a field.
A brown and white dog running into the water
A man is running on the road
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
A bird sits in a tree.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
A shirtless man rock climbs.
There is no man making a phone call
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
discipline in personal and social activities.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
There is no man opening a door
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
sniff or smell inquiringly.
A boy is playing a wind instrument
The guitar is being played by a kid
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
the process of becoming less or smaller
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
A person is slicing an onion
A hamster is singing
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
A brown dog wades in the water.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
destroy a ship.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
take someone's soul into heaven
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
A man is playing a wooden flute
Paper is being cut with scissors
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
place or put on the ground.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
A baby is licking a dog
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese  roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
A person on a bmx bike.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
A big dog is running on the ground
The piano player is being a tough man
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
a sculpture of a human or animal
A brown dog is jumping in the air
Some instruments are being played by a band
A dog is playing with a toy
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
Two dogs in a yard.
Two men standing on beach.
continue to live, exist, or prosper
An onion is being cut by a man
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
The woman is not slicing herbs
club or association of people with a shared interest
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
A man is diving off a cliff
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
There is no woman slicing a carrot
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
A bus drives down a busy road.
The brown dog is playing outdoors
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
Young baby girl sitting on table.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
A couple is not looking at a map
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A woman is slicing potatoes
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
A person is slicing some onions
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
the price of a good or service
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
physically grapple with an opponent
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
An animal is running tiredly in circles
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
carry, as on one's back.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
A man is cleaning the sink
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
become due for repayment.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
A brown dog is running in the snow
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
A couple standing on the curb
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
There is no woman putting on lipstick
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
put a harness.
two cold people stand near a pole.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
A computer operating on a desk.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
Someone is slicing a tomato
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
a social set or clique of friends
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
settle or deal with something
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
The person is trotting on the horse
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
A man is throwing away a guitar
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
The deer is jumping over the fence
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
A rider is waving at a surfer
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
A green car parked at a saloon.
A dog running fast in the sand.
A man is puking
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
collect discarded or refused material.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
The act of creating written works.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
be the culminating event.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
a man and woman walking past a record shop
The dog is catching a blue ball
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
A man is doing pull-ups
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
A classroom is full of students
start to burn or burst into flames.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
The two dogs are running through the grass.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
A man is opening a box with a knife
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
cause to be in brief contact with.
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
state of being active
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
the property of copious abundance.
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
A man is riding a scooter
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
A little bird floating in the water.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
Give an incentive or reason for action.
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A sheep grazing in a field.
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
The woman is cooking something
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
the act of reasoning, cogitation
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
A man is eating onion slices
A man is drawing some figures
A women and a dog playing outside
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
The silver train is parked in a station.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
a state of being encircled
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
measure the time or duration of
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A young female is dancing
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
The black dog is climbing on a rock
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
A dog is running up a grassy hill
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
Runners are not taking part in the race
A group of people having a drink.
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
Child sliding in the snow.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
make pure or free from sin
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
The lady is slicing up the meat
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
Young men are dancing in front of some people
A dog is looking around
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
making real or concrete
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
A cat looking at the camera.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
The woman is not chopping garlic
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
There is no dog leaping in the air
the quality of dissimilarity
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
A man is playing a small flute
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
The woman is slicing herbs
One girl is jumping on the car
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A banana is being eaten by a man
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
A man is frying a tortilla
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
the reduction of something's value or worth.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Three men are jumping off a wall
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
the act of perceiving a scent
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
A man is playing a harp
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
A man is lumping dough
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
fall between two taxonomic groups
A man stands in front of a train.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
A woman is being kissed by a man
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
 have sex with
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
cause to move by pulling.
A black and white dog runs through grass.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
A surfer is riding a big wave
A monkey is riding a bike
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
cause to make a snapping sound.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
Two men are walking through the water
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A cat reclines on an office chair.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
There is no man mixing
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
a competitor thought likely to win.
Two dogs run through grass.
A man is playing guitar
The man and woman are walking
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
The brown and white dog is in the water.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
twice the quantity or amount of something
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
oppose with equal weight or force
act of applying force
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
A male is dancing
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
A kid is playing the piano
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
A girl sliding down a pole
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The dog is chasing the ball
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
A white cat laying on an office chair.
A man and a woman are walking
be a summary of.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
Two dogs playing in grass.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
A man is boiling noodles in water
an unforeseen development.
A long train is on train tracks.
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
The man is on the ride with the horse
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
use up (resources or materials).
A man is reading the email
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
The cat is playing keyboards
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
A man is moving gracefully
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
Two dogs playing in snow.
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
the act of cutting something into parts.
The guitar is being played by a girl
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
cause to come into existence; create
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
Two women sheering a sheep.
become unfit for consumption or use.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
emit a steady even light without flames.
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
Two women are not dancing
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
The man is playing a game on the grass
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
be in or establish communication with
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
Some runners are competing in a race
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
clean, wash thoroughly
Dogs in a race.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A tiger is strolling around
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
a portion or percentage of a whole
the act of forcing out someone or something.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
cook on a hot surface using fat.
a man dressed in a batman costume.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
cover with liquid before cooking.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
Two girls are playing guitar
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
A lemur is eating quickly
give something useful or necessary to.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
personnel casualty
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
No people is sitting around a fire at night
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
the event consisting of the start of something.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
A man is tying the shoe
support a person for a position.
Some dogs are playing in a river
People are walking
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
Left side of a silver train engine.
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
Remove tree stumps from an area.
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
Red sports car racing down track.
The black dog is running through the grass
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
Old blue and white train on tracks.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
A man practices boxing
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
A white dog runs on the grass.
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
give a detailed account of
A brown dog is sitting down
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
a movement back from an impact.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
contribute to the progress or growth of.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
A man is cutting a paper plate
A boy is talking to a leaf
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
positively-charged center part of an atom
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
The woman is poking holes in the potato
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
Two men are standing in the ocean
cause to lean to the side.
Young boys running along the pavement.
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
be on base at the end of an inning
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
A man is running down the road
There is no light brown dog running up a street
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
A black dog is shaking off water.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
The woman is playing a flute
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
A skier skiing down a large mountain
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
reach or come to rest.
People are sitting at tables in a red room
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
The hungry woman is eating
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
Three dogs swim in the water.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
The person is hiking
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
an abundance of something
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
Two dogs play in the snow.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
There is no person playing a piano
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
place or set apart.
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
Follow one's own or another's path
A woman is riding a Seadoo
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
The man is dancing
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
A little boy is topless and is serious
A man running on a track.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
Two dogs bound across the grass.
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
The lady is eating slices of meat
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
A large boat on the sea.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
A man is cutting tomatoes
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
White dog outside with two people in background.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
an appraisal of the value of something.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A man is showing off a small monkey
The kitten is not playing with a toy
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
the act of becoming more distant.
A girl is applying makeup to her face
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
A large black and white cow in a field.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
A man is mixing
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
bring into general popular/common use
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
thin metal strips used in typesetting
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
A baby is playing with a doll
A few men are dancing
A woman is not frying fish
Two dogs running on the shore.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A small white dog running
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
The boy is riding a tricycle
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
(the content of) a communication.
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A man is talking
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
give up what is not strictly needed.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
move very fast.
a unit of military aircraft.
The black dog runs through the water.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
A woman is surfing
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
gain points in a game.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
There is no baby talking
A woman is frying something in a pan
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
the activity of providing supplies
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
People are sitting near a wall
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
A man is cutting an onion
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
The boy is playing in the mud
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
A small dog is lying on the bed
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
line, cover
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A tiger cub is making a sound
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
An aircraft is taking off
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
the disclosure of something secret.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The doctor is helping the patient
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
A man is putting some food in a container
return to a prior state
Two men are playing table tennis
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
A band is performing on a stage
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
the termination, ending of a meeting
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
A woman resting her face on her hand.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
A dog is running through a pond
behave or move in a certain manner
stick out, jut out, protrude
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
separate into constituents by soaking.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
The cats are not playing with each other
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
the role of the head of a government department.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
visual representation sketched by hand
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
make shine
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
a dog jumps into the water.
Literally cause to become unable to see.
a dog sprints across the grass.
four people sitting at a table.
the power to use something or someone.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
raise from a lower to a higher position.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
provide veterinary care for.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
A small child slides down a purple slide.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
There is no lady cutting up some meat
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
Two dogs play with purple football.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
A kid is splashing in the ocean
A black cat is swinging on a fan
A man is getting into a car
A person on a snowmobile.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
A person is folding a tortilla
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
require or need something that is missing
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A piano is being played by a person
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
give up right or possession to another
a strong current of air.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
a short account of the news.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
prefer or wish to do something.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
an unofficial association of people or groups.
a state of extreme poverty.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
A boy and a dog running on grass
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
A man is sitting on the beach
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
The person is not standing on white ice
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
The man is riding a horse
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
make a causal or logical connection; group together
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
Three people in a glass structure.
Someone is beating an egg
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
A black dog is standing in deep water
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
throw quickly.
Three children playing in sand at beach
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
position in football played by a team member
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
Two dogs running on the beach.
A man is playing a flute
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
The black dog is running through the water.
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
go to see for professional or business reasons.
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
No little dog is running on the sand
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
cause to turn from one course or use to another
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
the event of something ending.
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
fertilize and cause to grow.
Two dogs running through the grass.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
the act of liberating someone or something.
move to a new location, state, or situation
Two baby pandas are playing
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
A dog jumps through a hoop.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
fall or cause to fall
ATVs are being driven by three people
give a performance (of something).
maintain with or as if with a bet.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
give an incentive for action.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
Two white dogs are running together
A brown dog running over grass.
People sitting on a couch laugh.
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
being in a protected state or condition
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
the management of someone or something.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
A woman is frying meat
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
react to a stimulus or command.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
Two white cows in a green pasture.
an intuitive understanding of something.
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
a sudden emotional vocalization
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
a reproduction or physical representation of something
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
Two buses parked on a street.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
the crown of a flowering plant
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
A dog is biting a doll
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
A man is dropping the guitar
Two dogs are shaking water off.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
believe to be the case.
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
cross on foot.
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
put under the control of the federal government
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
A woman is painting a man's face
serve as a means of expressing something.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
A girl is drawing a man
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
A black dog lies on the grass.
There is no person slicing an onion
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
A boy is shredding a calendar
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
an address used for postal communication
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
make small marks into the surface of.
leave or give by will after one's death.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
The rhino is grazing on the grass
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
a state of extreme anger.
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A child is hitting a baseball
destruction of a ship
A dog is running on the beach.
A woman is putting on makeup
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
the act of pulling a load
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
be opposite.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
A lemur is hanging on a rope
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
cause to spread in another part of the world.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
People are playing cricket
A man is being roped by a climber
indistinct vocal articulations
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
Some food is being fried by a woman
A close up of an ostrich face.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A person is cooking some food
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
The persons are singing and dancing
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
catch in or as if in a trap.
make a film or photograph of something.
The women are not dancing outside
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
A woman is stroking a lemur
A man playing a video game in a store.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
remove from a contest or race.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
The lady is dancing
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
make an incision or separation
The sheep is standing under the trees.
A man is praying
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
manipulate the registers of an organ.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
elevated wooden porch of a house
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
No dog is emerging from a lake
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
The woman is eating
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
An airplane facing the camera.
A dog racing on a track.
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
Two people in two chairs are talking
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Small dog chews on a big stick.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
A chef is preparing some food
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A keyboard is being played by a man
A young girl running on the beach.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
A woman is receiving volleyballs
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
an image that is generated by a computer.
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
Start abruptly, ignite
Identify, establish location or identity
A black dog looking at the camera.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
Four children on stools in a diner.
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
a name given to a product or service.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
A child rides a wooden horse.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
the extreme endpoint of something
Two dogs running through a field.
Some women are dancing
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
There is no person cutting some ginger
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
The black dog is running on the grass.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
shine intensely, as if with heat.
There is no white car being driven by the man
There is no man peeling an onion
A man jumps off a rock into the water
A dog runs on brown grass.
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
provide with a toggle
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
The cats are playing with each other
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
A boy is playing on a toy
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Two people are wading through the water
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
Some kittens are hungry
cause to be immersed in
A person is rinsing a steak with water
stain with a dirty substance
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
A man is walking in a city street
A boy is mowing the lawn
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
The panda bear is resting on the logs
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
Two women posing with a baby.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
the quality of being significant.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
An officer is listening to the recruits
A child is talking
Three children are running down hill
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
move by turning over or rotating.
A dog running across the sand
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
A dog chases another by a tree.
People stand outside watching something.
a particular environment or walk of life.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
put a new heel on.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
a fourth part of a year; three months.
pass into a specified state or condition.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
The man is drawing
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A puppy running along a street.
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
The black dog is running through the snow.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
Two boys playing in water.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A white dog running on sand.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
carry out or perform an action.
create code, write a computer program.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
A dog running on the beach
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
heat a metal prior to working it.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
The woman is handling a frog
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
a special set of circumstances.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
the activity of leading.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
A lean dog runs through green grass.
Two children are hanging on a large branch
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
incite action, cause an event
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
The state of being absent.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
A black climber is rocking a dog
A big potato is knocking a green ball
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
The woman is not cooking something
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
provide with rails.
A side view of a horse's head.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
The band isn't singing
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
bubble over with a certain feeling
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
request urgently and forcefully.
raise in rank, character, or status.
lack of agreement, not harmonious
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
A cold cyclist is celebrating
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
secondary public school, grades 9-12
A woman is restraining the dog
The woman is not waterskiing
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
A woman riding a brown horse.
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
give structure to
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
A man is eating some food
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
A brown dog is running on grass.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
a problem, something wrong
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
Two kids splashing in the water.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
function in a particular manner when moving
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
force to go away by blinking.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
fix to; attach.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
A baby is crying
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
The men are not dancing
The man with a hard hat is dancing
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
A man is drawing a picture
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
make impure; make radioactive
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
A small white dog is running in a lawn
Two dogs run through the brush.
An animal is running in circles
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
The players is maneuvering for the ball
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
(cause to) fall in drops
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
A man is getting off the motorcycle
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
set into opposition or rivalry.
A boy in a headband plays drums.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
The dog is playing in the water.
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
a border or boundary of an object
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
A dog is running on the ground
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
A woman is not slicing an octopus
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
A person is folding a sheet
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
a measurable or quantitative decrease
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
A white dog running over a bridge.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
an aggregation of things or people
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
Two men on the side of a barge
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
A plane is taking off
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
The study subject is a camera man
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
a computer server
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
Trains inside an indoor station.
draw a cross in the air over something
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
There is no man cutting an onion
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
A person in pink is running onto the field
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
two girls walking in the street
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
The young man is rock climbing
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
give away something that is not needed
This dog is jumping through the water.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
The man isn't talking on the telephone
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A fish is swimming
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
to make a great mental or physical effort
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
The parrot is talking into the microphone
The woman is skating in the park.
A person is dancing on the ceiling
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
make something more diverse or varied
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
change the key of, in music.
The crowd is watching a football game
feel hot or painful.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
The fish are immobile
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
leave undone or leave out
A man is slicing a red tomato
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
A black dog runs through the water.
fall out of the pod or husk.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
A dog is licking a baby
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
Two trains inside a train station.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
A woman is washing her feet
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
The black and white dog is running outdoors
There is no man playing flute
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
A dog in in a car.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
Two people are in bed.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
A brown dog walks through snow.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
A girl is eating a cupcake
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
A white dog runs into a lake.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
the act of shoving something away
the act of starting something.
say, state, or perform again
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
a group of people living together in a camp.
cause to move faster.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
There is no dog riding a skateboard
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
the activity of breaking or splintering something
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
the state of being rejected.
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
The men are acting on a stage
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
cover with wooden boards; secure
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
A woman runs on the beach.
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
be a reason, cause, or justification of
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
a knapsack, bundle on the back
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
Train in a station.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A man is idling
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
A girl is exercising
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
Nobody is riding a bike
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
A dog digging in the sand.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
A dog zips along the beach.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
The monkey is brushing the dog
an attempt to get something.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
The woman is playing an electric guitar
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
perform a duty
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
Two dogs running in a field.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
A person is diving into clear blue water.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
(cause to) return after being refused
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
the center of an object.
the act of entering a structure
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
A group of people in a living room.
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
[provide with a new or different resting place
A fish is being cut by a man
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
A dog is jumping into the water.
People are riding and paddling a raft
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
The man is doing floor exercises
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A woman is not frying some food
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
Football players are on the field.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
A dog is standing on a mountain
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
any new participant in some activity.
A dog is sitting on the ground
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
overflow with a certain feeling.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
a group of skiers going up a mountain
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
A group of people is on a beach
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
The woman is peeling a potato
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
A girl is playing on a swing.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
A man picking up a big rock.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
A person is putting meat into a skillet
Discipline in personal or social activities.
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
Three dogs running through a puddle.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
(cause to) meet or intersect
A girl playing on a parachute.
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
A woman is singing into a microphone
a cause or source of harm
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
Men are running a race
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
a statement, an idea expressed in language
A brown dog is running though a river.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
Men are sawing logs
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
give a thrashing to, beat
An onion is being sliced by a woman
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
The patient is helping the doctor
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
A subway train pulling into the station.
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
The doctor is not helping the patient
A girl riding a tan horse.
Garlic is being diced by the woman
A person is peeling an onion
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
overcome with amazement.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
Write a computer programme.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
The act of beginning something new.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
A baby is playing a guitar
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
The act of testing something.
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
A man is escaping a rising swamp
A woman picking up a large rock.
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
go back, restore, revive
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
The man is not playing a flute
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A chef is preparing a meal
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
A man is working on the computer
A woman is cutting a vegetable
contrast with equal weight or force.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
A man on a bike nest to a river.
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
Two dogs play in the snow
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
An event that causes someone or something to die.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
A tiger is pacing around a cage
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
A dog standing in the water.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
There is no chef preparing a meal
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
cause to regain consciousness.
The flute is being played by the woman
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
A dog shaking off water.
There is no cat playing keyboards
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
The kid is sliding in the snow
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A dog jumps high in the snow.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
The surfer is riding a big wave
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
Someone is typing on a keyboard
hold, contain within
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
A man with a shirt is holding a football
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
The man is eating potato slices
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
Two dogs in snow.
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
A bike rider on a ramp.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
suggest or prescribe a solution
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
The dog is jumping in the air.
a state of being elevated or raised
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
a sporting match, boxing
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
design for a specific purpose
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
Bring back to life, return from the dead
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
A man is climbing up a rope
One herd of deer is crossing the street
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
A person is crouching and holding a camera
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
be a signal for or a symptom of.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
something recalled to the mind.
give, dedicate, pledge
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
severance from a social connection or tie
A man is eating
A woman is putting on lipstick
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
take in (mentally or physically)
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
a young child running along the shore at a beach
computer text files
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
There is no woman slicing a tomato
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
A woman is not talking on a telephone
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
a boy swinging on a swing.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
The man is stirring oil
A woman is cutting a fish
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
A woman is playing volley ball.
cause to be alert and energetic.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
A woman is seasoning a ham
the territory occupied by a nation.
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
A tree is being picked up by a man
Two dogs run on the grass.
A man is rowing a canoe
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
A black dog lays in the sand.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
start suddenly, as if from fright
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
The cat is licking a bottle
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
A man with a hard hat is dancing
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
A small dog is lying on a bed
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
Engrave by means of dots.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
the act of sucking.
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
where you live at a particular time.
sound with resonance.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
An onion is being sliced by a man
a region allocated to hold something
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
catch fire.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
The man is not putting chicken into the container
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
Two dogs jumping on each other.
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
A woman is cracking eggs
A man is leading the race
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A person is doing a trick with some cards
duplicate, match
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
A woman is slicing carrots
the first part or section of something.
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
A boy is walking across a bridge
a group of people appointed to a committee
the act of referring or consulting.
The scuba diver is underwater.
A man is cooking a snake
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
There is no man standing next to a bus
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
a supplementary part or accessory.
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
There is no cat playing a keyboard
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
position or location change
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
The person is peeling an onion
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
A keyboard is being played by a person
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
a specified portion of a whole
The man is thinking
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
The plane is landing
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
reason or establish by deduction
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
A boy plays baseball.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
A piano isn't being played by a man
four children are playing on a trampoline.
the act of intentionally omitting something
A dog runs through a field.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
Wells other series include NBCs ER and Third Watch.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
make colder, or icy, using ice
a relative loss in price, value
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
A brown dog squating on grass.
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
forcefully request
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
Two black dogs run through a field.
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A man in a small city is doing charity work
A man is not talking on the phone
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
An empty office cubicle.
Black dog running very fast.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
highly infectious viral disease
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
remove from a position or office.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
a white dog is running through the snow.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
A dog is opening a can of food
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A shoe is being tied by a man
The men are talking
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A man is not riding a bicycle
A woman in riding a brown horse.
employ or become employed in a position
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
a brief attempt at some endeavor
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
A man is eating a fruit
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Sign language is being used by a young girl
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
Boy laying on couch with dog.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
There is no woman exercising
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Boys are dancing in front of some people
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Someone is playing piano
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
be fond of.
the act of designating or identifying something.
A little girl is smiling and running outside
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
rounded end of a bone
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
A man is doing a trick on a bike
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
The man is not slicing a potato
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
A woman is cutting broccoli
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
A man in a batman suit running.
There is no boy playing guitar
The person is not writing with a pencil
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A bird flying over the water.
A photographer is being surrounded by men
Blue bird standing on green grass.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
The milk is being drunk by a cat
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
become master of, overcome, dominate
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
start abruptly.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
There is no man cutting onions
There is no dog running on the road
A soccer player is missing a goal
Sniff at inquiringly.
A man is playing the trumpet
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
A man kayaks in rough water.
Some cats are playing with each other
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
go up or advance.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
The lady is slicing a tomato
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
be the host of or for.
A sheep standing near her children.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
end
a store or supply of something
A woman is slicing some meat
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
A group of people playing football is running in the field
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
a short section of a musical composition.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
recording tracks of music made on some medium
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
a boy plays in the fountains.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
a retail store with merchandise for sale
A man is crouching and holding a camera
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
provide housing for.
A woman is chopping onions
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
come up, as of a liquid.
A man is walking a woman through the woods
A woman is not slicing an onion
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
A baby is laughing
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
throw with force or recklessness.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
The man is a guitar player
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
A man rock climbing.
Some racers are swimming in a lake
A man is dancing on the floor
cover or swamp with water.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
increase in extent or intensity.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
the condition of being motivated.
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
part; cease or break association with.
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
approach a certain age or speed.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
Some people are singing
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
restrict or limit the range of
request or demand something from someone
A guy is not riding a horse
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
A group of children is not playing tambourines
A girl is playing a wind instrument
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
The runners are racing around a track
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
presentation of a musical theme
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A dog leaping over a chain.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
the act of providing help or aid to someone
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
A boy is checking a calendar
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
A brown dog running through grass.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
measure the depth of a body of water
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
the last (12th) month of the year.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
There is no man playing a piano
a dog runs across the land.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
There is no monkey riding a bike
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
damage the reputation of.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
the action of placing or situating an object
The dog runs through the snow.
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
A man is playing with water
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
loss of ability to function normally.
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
cause to be interested
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
Theres also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
A woman is cutting a white onion
the amount that can be contained.
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
The dogs play in the snow.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
orient, be positioned
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
accept an excuse for.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
Travel on foot.
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
A green car parked outside the saloon.
the speech act of objecting.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
the act of selecting or picking something
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
The child is playing with toys indoors
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
A parrot is speaking
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
get or find back; recover
A blond girl is riding the waves
get or find back; recover the use of.
Fool or hoax (someone).
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
the occupants of a floor.
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
move (as if) by lowering
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
A man is getting into a car in a garage
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
give a neat appearance to, neaten
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
A woman is unstitching with a machine
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
cause animals to move
Someone is cleansing an animal
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
the act of giving a speech
become due
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
Red double decker bus.
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
The man is not seasoning the sausages
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
The man is doing exercises
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
have a monopoly of; control fully
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
Leave to someone after one's death.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
Increase the acoustic volume of.
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
return to an original state.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
a white dog running in the snow
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
a reference line used to align lettering
The man is seasoning the sausages
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A group of football players running down the field.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
Something is being fried by a woman
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A married couple is walking down the aisle
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A man is speaking on a podium
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
Four people row a canoe in water.
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
completely use up a resource
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
the people who dwell in a camp
the act of clipping, cutting
A child is smashing a snow ball
The man is denying an interview
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
start suddenly, as from fright.
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
The boy isn't playing in the mud
A dog is opening a jar of food
the act of applying paint to a surface.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
There is no person boiling noodles
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
Cars racing on a dirt track
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
injure, scratch the surface
Two dogs are being petted by a man
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Black train on train tracks.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
One panda is climbing
There is no man playing a violin
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
the state of being unsure of something.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
Two girls are sitting on the ground
make images or sounds less sharp
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
role or function of the head of a government department
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
enter a realm, become involved with
A cat is playing keyboards
A dog running in the grass.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
a dog stands in the white snow.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
feel physical pain.
There is no man speaking
Two men wearing bike helmets.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
An animated airplane is landing
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
A boy is running away from the fishing line
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
Three men playing baseball.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
a physical protuberance, large or small
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
the high value or worth of something.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
printed version of electronic data from a computer
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
A man blowing a large bubble.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
A man is diving off a rock
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
A lemur is hanging on a cord
A duck floating in the water.
a mold for setting concrete.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servants time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
take measures in preparation for.
the act of catching an object with the hands.
The dog is having a rest in the park
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
A truck is quickly going down a hill
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
the day before today
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
an indication of damage.
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
A man is riding the animal
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
A black and white dog is running through the field.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
A little boy is in a tire
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
contain or have a specific wording or information
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
compress out of shape or into small pieces
A girl sits on a red play structure
A brown dog shaking its head.
the opening page of a web site.
Some men are sawing
A man is riding a mechanical bull
A man is slicing tomatoes
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
make a certain noise or sound.
A potato is being peeled by a person
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
to cause to become quiet
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
correct by punishment or discipline.
a small dog steps onto a log.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
forbid, prohibit
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
be relevant or pertinent
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
A woman is dancing in a cage
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
save from an experience, action or harm
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
hurt, feel physical pain
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
A large green ball is hitting a potato
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
create code or computer programs
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
There is no woman tapping her fingers
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
A man is disassembling the drum
keep from being seen or perceived by others
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
A woman is cleaning a man's face
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
A girl is playing the guitar
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
There is no girl in white dancing
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
The act of providing approval and support.
The man is going into the lake
The woman is looking at the view of a city
do over, make new
Two girls walking in the ocean.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
A jet is not flying
save or relieve from an experience or action.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
make a sharp sound.
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
Man sleeping on the street.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
One woman is practicing with a flute
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
urge with or as if with a goad.
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
Two boxers are in the ring.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
Two brown dogs play in the water.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
a channel of social communication
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
The black and white dog is running in a field
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
The man is slicing vegetables
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
the state of being active.
An animal is looking around
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
an open motorboat used for transport
pass into by penetrating or permeating
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
The dog is catching a ball
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
A young boy is running a race.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
Women pointing at a geyser.
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
the state of being suspected.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
A man is tying a thick rope
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
the act of applying paint to a surface
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
a side or surface of something
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
Enclose in a protective covering.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
(cause to) be overlaid with something
A brown dog plays in the snow.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
the act of clipping or snipping.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
A dog is emerging from a lake
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
the general impression or appearance of something
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
be given to, come into the possession of
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
Red double decker bus driving down street.
make reference to.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
the fashionable elite.
A white dog running through the snow
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A black dog retrieves a bird.
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
A man is massaging a woman
have in mind as a plan or purpose
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
remove the husks from.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
A young child is standing in front of some trees
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A man is carrying a tree
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
A guitar is being played by a girl
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
There is no dog licking a baby
the act of hitting vigorously.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
advance or set forward in court
make tracks on a surface
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
A man is reloading a shotgun
take or capture by force or authority
rightful portion or stake of something
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
A field of black faced sheep.
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
become pregnant; undergo conception.
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
A man is slicing a potato
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
And I really liked him, and I still do.
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
People riding horses in a fenced area.
the act of reducing the amount or number.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
The young man is not rock climbing
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
A white dog is standing in a lake
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
fetching something from a source
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
There is no man praying
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
A plane being readied for take-off.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
make or become more narrow or restricted.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
A group of people are running a race.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
Some cheerleaders are dancing
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
A girl wading through water in a lake.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
The man is singing and playing the guitar
A man is silent
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
state or explain the meaning
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
A person is frying some food
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
Three children in a ball pit.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
A bicycle in a dining room.
A girl dances like a man in costume
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
the act of describing something.
The man is lifting weights
A man is riding a water toy in the water
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
make fit for a specific purpose
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
(cause to) move gently back and forth
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
Two young kids are eating corndogs
having responsibility for managing or supervising
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
The panda is eating bamboo
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
Admit to testing/proof
There is no man walking outside
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
A man is getting into an automobile
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
A girl is not playing the guitar
A child pushes another child on a swing.
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
observe, perceive
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
A man is lazing
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
take apart into constituent pieces
The curious boys look in the shed.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
The child is splashing water in a pool
The baby is not laughing and crawling
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
The dog is running on grass.
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
A cow is eating hay
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
take action or behave in a certain way
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A dog is running on a snowy road
Two cats are fighting each other
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
Two children splashing in the water.
People walk along on the street.
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
A man is recklessly riding a horse
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
A girl is doing a manicure
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
A couple of boys are playing a video game
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
The man is talking on the telephone
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A man is athletically jumping a wall
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
a physical difficulty or obstacle
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
rein in a horse to lose a race
a change for the better.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
A woman is using a sewing machine
censure severely or angrily.
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A man is untying a shoe
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
A few animals are playing in the water
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
a boxing or wrestling match.
A large bird is flying through the air.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
edge tool used in shaving.
A lion is slowly moving around
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
fool or hoax.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
an obligation to pay or do something.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
a problem.
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
A computer on a desk.
act against or in opposition to.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
to act as the host of
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
A woman is frying something
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
A woman is peeling a potato
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
express or transform in a new form or language
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
a change which is a decrease
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
The dogs are walking in the desert.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
cause to happen or be responsible for.
A woman is being massaged by a man
the act of rubbing a surface
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
A woman is putting away the garlic
go back to a previous state.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
The guitar is being played by a man
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
dress in a certain manner.
write all the required information
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A horse is being ridden by a woman
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
A boy is throwing away a calendar
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
formally announce the termination of an agreement
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
The men are fist fighting in a ring
An indicator that orients one generally.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
cause something to be the case
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
The person is slicing a vegetable
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
create and charge with a task or function.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
the physical expanse of the universe
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
The men are not climbing a mountain
put in a horizontal position.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
The man is not climbing up a rope
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
The panda is not eating bamboo
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
a way of conceiving something.
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
The boy is not playing the piano
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
The white dog is running in the green grass.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
a train rides on his tracks.
the act of planning or deliberating
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
A man is cutting the tape on the box
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
A plane is landing
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
The men are climbing a mountain
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
Amount that can be contained
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The man is cutting the tape on the box
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
The state of being suspected.
A man is mowing a lawn
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
A close-up of a brown horse.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
Two men are fighting
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
A woman is not slicing carrots
gather, as of natural products.
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
A man is playing the guitar owner
The person is eating
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Two persons are shaking hands
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
symbolize, serve as an example of
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
There is no woman dancing
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
Three people racing on ice skates.
A man is not playing a guitar
a pair of people who live together.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A monkey is wading through a river
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A toddler is sitting in a seat
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
the state of being more than full.
terminate an association with.
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
make noise like bad engine
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
The cat is playing with a watermelon
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
There is no team playing soccer
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
persuade or achieve acceptance
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
The woman is slicing an onion
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
tie or fasten into a knot.
Some women are talking
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
provide lodging for
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
take in marriage.
A boy is standing in the water
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
The man isn't lifting weights
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
Two dogs playing on grass.
A concentrated woman is playing flute
hold or place in equilibrium
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
run or flow slowly
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
A classroom is empty
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
relative darkness of a color
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
The man is being knocked off of a horse
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A guitar is being played by a woman
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
A white horse is standing
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
put heels on a shoe
12th month of the calendar year
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
Two boys are talking on the phone
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
A biker is naked
the event of something burning (often destructive).
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
person who is a social companion
run at a moderately swift pace.
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
There is no man slicing potatoes
Two children are playing soccer in the park
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
A man is making a call on a cell phone
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A small boy is standing in the forest
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
the act of choosing among alternatives
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Black bird standing on concrete.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
A young woman dressed in black.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
A group of people is near the ocean
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
A deer jumping over a fence.
Put a harness on.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
a person who is in charge.
Two dogs are running through a green yard
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
festive social event, celebration
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
People in costumes are walking around in the street
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
A crowd of people is near the water
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A dog plays on the beach.
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
Two men are racing in the water.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
a written list of particular things being offered
A fearful little boy is on the ground
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
impress or affect deeply.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
return to in thought or speech
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
A black dog walking beside a pool.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
A tiger is sitting
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
the state of owing something (especially money).
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
A bird soars with wings spread.
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
the act of pulling an object
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
There is no kid playing guitar
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
the greatest possible degree of something.
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
Touch with the lips.
There is no man dancing
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
Racers are running down a track
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
A child is making a snow ball
carry out or complete an activity
the lower part of anything.
Two people are arguing near a crowd
Travel (as if) through water.
change from one form or medium into another.
A brown dog runs near the water.
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
the act of beginning something new.
an indication of some hidden activity.
recite as a chant, intone
a brown dog plays with the hose.
A person is chopping a red onion
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
A brown dog in running on grass.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
There is no woman putting on makeup
marriage offer
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
A skateboarder in the city.
A horse is not racing
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
Kids play in the water
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
The person is painting
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
A man is singing passionately
restore to a previous or better condition.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
The woman is putting away a flute
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
to put down by force or authority.
The man is silent and still
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
the action of extending outwards
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
A woman is cutting onions
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
the force by which one object attracts another.
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
cause to become awake or alert
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
A group of men playing brass instruments.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
an instance of halting some motion
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
the cause or instigation of something
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
A toddler is sitting down
a dog napping under a small table.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
appear in a certain way.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
There is no woman slicing an onion
a dog plays in the snow.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
A man is sharpening a weapon
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
A man is playing an electric guitar
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
a flock of sheep or goats
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
Two people are riding motorbikes
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A boy is blowing bubbles
A black dog running through the snow.
Assign a new time for an event
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
process or manner of functioning or operating.
A large green ball is missing a potato
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
People are walking through a crowded street
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
A bird flying in the air
A mental state of sadness.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
a concentrated example of something.
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
One man is intensely playing a guitar
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A man is strumming the guitar
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
travel across or pass over.
Two children are on a fairground ride.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
any large deep body of water.
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A woman is playing a guitar
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
operating or traveling via a vehicle
the time yet to come.
Couple with newborn baby.
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
show to be invalid.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
People are sitting against a wall
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A monkey is brushing the dog
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
The women are dancing outside
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
the space where a division or parting occurs.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
A paper plate is being cut by a man
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
Make marks in the surface of.
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
A man is slowly dancing on the road
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
A tan dog runs through the snow.
Furnish with metal spurs.
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
There is no surfer riding the wave
A group of people standing in the street
The girl is painting a coverall blue
A woman is adding spices to some meat
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
Two dogs running in the woods.
to grow rapidly
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A woman is coating a pork chop
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
provide or supply with water
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
duplicate or match.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
an onerous or difficult concern.
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
preserve with sugar.
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
provide, raise, or supply funds to
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
the act of mixing together.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
to make less distinct or clear.
Two dogs are running in the field.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
the state of being employed
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
a social gesture of deferential greeting
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
The dog is running across the gravel
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A woman is chopping garlic
move to a lower position, terminate something
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
A girl is riding a horse
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
something that attains victory
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
an onerous worry or concern
a type of military aircraft
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
The dog is being walked by the woman
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
the state of being angry.
The man and woman are not walking
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Some water is being drunk by a cat
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
A black poodle plays in the snow.
a visual characterization of something
A dog is wading in the water.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
A child holds a yellow balloon.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
A woman is brushing her feet
the activity of learning or being trained
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
A man is singing and playing the guitar
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
something copied or derived from an original.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
A woman is deboning a fish
An animal is barking at a ball
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
Generally unwantedand often pornographic or with fraudulent intent spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
the act of informing by verbal report.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
A woman is jumping rope outside
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
The man is cutting a paper plate
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
terminate, end, or take out.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
Little girl jumping in water puddle
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
the act of substituting one thing for another
the act of spending, disbursing funds
A man is dancing in the rain
A baby is not crawling happily
A woman is playing an electric guitar
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
The oil is being stirred by a man
Black and white dog running outside.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
become broader or wider or more extensive.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
A woman is playing the violin
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
physical force that draws objects together
to distribute systematically or strategically.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
have a wish or desire to know something.
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
arrange or order by classes or categories.
a quantity of money added to a bank account
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
a dog runs through the long grass.
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
The little cat is playing with a toy
Four children are doing backbends in the park
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
Red and white bus driving down road.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
A man is drawing on a board
have a strong sexual attraction to
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
have a disagreement over something.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
the upper part of anything.
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
an expanse of land
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
A man practicing boxing
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
A woman is combing her hair
mark with a scar.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
Four people rowing down a river.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
A lady is standing near three children
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
five people standing on a sidewalk
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
The guitar is being played by the man
The guitar is being played by a lady
The lady is peeling the potato
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
the act of taking something that is offered.
cause to skip over a surface.
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
a party of people assembled for dancing.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A person is surfing a big wave.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A boy is not playing a guitar
the act of perpetrating a crime
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A person is chopping an onion
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
Two men are playing ping pong
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
The man is playing the instrument
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A black dog asleep in a car.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
the relation of comprising something.
develop in a positive way.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
move or change one's own position or quality
A man is driving a vehicle
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
There is no woman cutting onions
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
The headlights on a blue car.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
A man is playing the drum
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
a section of a composition, textual or musical
a boat floats in the water.
The man is slicing some potatoes
incline from a vertical position
There is no clown singing
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
A man is chopping an onion
coerce by violence, fill with terror
Guitar is being played by a man
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
have an argument about something.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
The man is hiking in the woods
an abundance or profusion of something
alternative names for the body of a human being.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
A baby is talking
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
People is standing against a wall
a single serving of a beverage.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
The turtle is following the red fish
A woman is picking a can
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
A woman with her child.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
A person riding a dirt bike.
become liquid or fluid when heated.
A woman is slicing an onion
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
cause to have an odor
a portion removed from the whole.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
Someone is stirring food in the water
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
A man is shooting a weapon
No people are riding camels at the beach
A kid is playing the guitar
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
A girl is on a jumping car
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
The people are running at a carnival
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
the rotating motion of an object
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
Two women are dancing
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
to say, state, or perform again.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
the state of being covered with unclean things.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
arrangement
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
A dog swimming in a pond
There is no dog playing with a red ball
the act of making up your mind about something.
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
A cat is jumping into a box
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
An electronic man is held as a device
A man is making a phone call
(cause to) gradually become weak
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Two men in a running contest.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
The guitar is being played by nobody
A cat is playing with a small bottle
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
A group is not riding the current in a raft
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
A man is climbing a rope
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
something that floats on the surface of water.
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A man is cleaning a dish
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
Black train idle on the tracks.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
A dog runs through the snow.
the act of drawing or hauling something.
a general trait or characteristic of something
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
make a tour of a certain place.
A cat is sitting on a piano
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
Funeral direction
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
make or become more acute or intense
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
do lacework.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
reshow a play or broadcast
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Two boys are playing flag football.
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
say mean things.
A person is folding a piece of paper
a competitor most likely to win
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
The dog is playing with a plastic container
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Different football players are teaming on a field
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Two teams are competing in a football match
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
There is no window being cleaned by a man
A man is cutting a slice of bread
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
a way or means to achieve something.
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
put in a particular place or abstract location
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
A dog jumps over a chain.
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
A small boy is sitting in the forest
cause to run in panic.
Two groups of people are playing football
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
cause to procreate (animals).
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
A man is lifting barbells
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
make less severe or harsh.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Rugby is being played by some men
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
signal by winking.
cause friction; wear away or erode
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
A man is coming down a rope
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
A young girl is standing on one leg
prove or corroborate
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
The flute is being played by a woman
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
two dogs running in the snow
a brown and white dog swimming in water
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
Two young children are walking across an open field.
Someone is peeling a banana
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
A man and a woman are shaking hands
travel in front of, be first, precede
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
Living room or den with large screen television.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
take up, as of debts or payments.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
A man juggles at the beach.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
A dog is running through the ocean.
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
The black dog is lying in the grass.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
attract; cause to be enamored.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
A surfer on a wave.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
There are no men sawing
an established linear path of travel
the trait of being well behaved.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Four boys sit in the mud.
make (more) comprehensible
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
Two dogs play by a tree.
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
There is no woman slicing potatoes
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
act of becoming distant, moving away from
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
place or lay as if in a pile
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
become or cause to become obstructed
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
A white Jeep parked on a street.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
the trade of a funeral director.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
move to and fro.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
a part of a forked or branching shape.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected  62 percent of them female.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
a chance to do something.
direct the course of; manage or control.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
assign to or arrange into categories
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
Two children are playing on a statue
The red bus is on the street.
A young boy riding in a swing.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
learn by reading books.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
serve as the inciting cause of.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
deal with according to routine or procedure
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
a visual representation of something.
make or become wider or more extensive
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
adherence to moral principles
the act of putting a preparation on something.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
restate (words) from one language into another language.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A girl riding a brown horse.
There is no parrot speaking
make something more diverse and varied.
A topless woman is being covered in mud
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
A man is riding a horse
The man is riding a horse by a creek
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
something with no concrete substance.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
Four dogs stand in the snow.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
A woman is peeling food
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
Three dogs running through a field.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
situate, position, come to rest
the tactile (touch) quality something has
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
the length of time of a temporary cessation
Four people are floating on a raft
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
The man isn't playing the piano
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
something that is made real or concrete.
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
give a structure to.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
A man is chopping butter into a container
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
There is no girl playing the piano
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
The dog is biting some droplets of water
A person is slicing a piece of bread
Two dogs run through the grass.
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
There is no person peeling an onion
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
a separate and self-contained entity.
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
Remove water from a substance.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
A boy is studying a calendar
A few men in a competition are running outside
an interpretation of a text or action.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
The band is singing 
The dog is running in the grass.
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
seal, insulate or protect
There is no man playing a game on the grass
be equal to in quality or ability.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
enclose in or as if in a frame.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A fish is being sliced by a man
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
render one language in another language
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
A man is slicing a fish
physically inflate
A little girl is shoveling snow.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
A dog running through mucky ground.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
a wet dog chasing a white ball
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
A woman is cooking prawns
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
the rate of some repeating event.
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
heat metal prior to working it
bring into being.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
give an interpretation or rendition of.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
The woman is not dancing
A man is putting away a carrot
rise to surface; become visible or known
Two cats are looking at a window.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
a dog runs through the woods.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
refrain from doing something.
A group of dogs racing.
The woman is cutting a carrot
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
a reason for wanting something done.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
the activity of supplying or providing something.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
A girl is jumping.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
make a loud noise, as an animal
A dog is running on a snowy path
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
submit, send to
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
Three dogs running through the snow.
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
A person is coming out of the water
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
The man and woman are strolling
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
move into and stay in a particular position
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
The man is putting chicken into the container
Someone is reading the email
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
There is no hamster singing
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
the act of annoying someone or something
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
Two people are standing on a bench
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
There is no girl riding a horse
flow, as of liquids
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
A woman is riding a water scooter
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
Children are playing in ground fountains
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
One small child is drinking water from the cup
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
The person is carefully slicing a potato
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
A woman is not cutting tofu
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
the act of rejecting something.
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
A person is spreading butter on a tray
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
We think they have the right to choose.
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
assign to a specific task.
a group of surfers catching a wave
Children play fight with swords.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
A person is not holding a skunk
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
The man is removing knives from a tree
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
the ground level of a multi-storied building
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
A kid is playing a guitar
A young man with a beard at an event.
become less interesting or attractive.
A dog running through snow.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
the verbal act of offering.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
The person is in the snowy mountains.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A girl jumping in a puddle.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
stretch out completely.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
A lemur is biting a person's finger
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
But they dont realize that until its too late (of course) because theyre potential victims in a horror movie.
make ready for action or use.
The girl is trotting on the horse
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
A man is strumming a guitar
look furtively.
persuade somebody to accept something.
move in such a way as to avoid
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A man is catching a fish
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
a partial denture
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
Somebody is playing the guitar
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
The man is playing the piano with his nose
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
A man is walking outside
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
A man is cutting a box
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
A girl is tapping her fingernails
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
an actor who plays a principal role.
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
three dogs playing on a beach
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
the act of putting something somewhere.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
something that is craved
A kitten is getting bored
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
Two men are not taking a break from construction
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
per centum
A lady is being kissed by a man
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
a sudden, brief burst of light
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
A woman is cutting garlic
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
A person is not playing the keyboard
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
A woman is slicing garlic
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
make the surface level or smooth
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
A deer is standing inside a fence
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
Several people are in front of a colorful building
A woman is not eating a cupcake
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
move in an irregular course
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
A man is slicing a tomato
Two girls are lying on the ground
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
people go up the escalator.
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
Two men are taking a break from construction
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
a man plays his white guitar.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
A group of men play a college football game.
A woman is watching the lake
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man is erasing some figures
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
the act of committing a crime.
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
be a factor or play a role in something
move faster, or cause to move faster
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
There is no dog chasing a ball
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
a creased or bent form
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
the act of lifting something
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
A man is riding a rodeo bull
The potato is being peeled by the lady
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
something that is desired intensely.
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
A group of Asian girls are standing together
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
pass through the esophagus
A yellow boat on shore.
pass into a state or condition
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
The man is doing a magic trick
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
have a strong desire to do something
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
a verbal or written request for access to something.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
A woman is playing the trumpet
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
A married couple is walking up the aisle
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
The machine is not shaving a pencil
A black dog is standing in shallow water
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
There is no kitten drinking milk
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
Children looking a sheep.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
A man is running away from the soccer ball
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
any tall, vertical shape
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
become quiet or still; fall silent.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative  but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
A man is not participating in a bmx race
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
Two men are leaving the stage
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
A boy is eating a cupcake
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
arrange a program of or for.
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
A dog is not running towards a ball
class of students taught together
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
A cook is coating a pork chop
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
The people are standing at a carnival
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
the front face of a building
A deer jumps a fence.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
emit or cause to emit noise
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
Someone is playing the guitar
Someone is dismantling a piano
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
The surfer is riding a small wave
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
an itemized statement of money owed
create an edge or border
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jimnez said.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
government income due to taxation.
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
A man is painting a woman's face
A man is not mowing a lawn
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
an approximate definition or example.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
manage, handle, or control something
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
A man is shooting at target practice
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
the act of choosing, picking one among many
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
strike with horror or terror.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
the activity of examining or assessing something
A passenger train sits in the station.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
Three men are jumping on a wall
A man is riding a motorcycle
The doctors are healing a man
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
There is no man dancing on the road
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
ride a motorcycle.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
A dog jogs through the grass.
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
extend in a different direction.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
put an end to a state or an activity.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
the quality of being dependable
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
A woman is planting some flowers
giving a reference or citation of something
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
cause to be in a state or location
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
A gray bird is flying over the water.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
Women are sawing logs
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
A man is shaking a drink
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
The man is speaking on the telephone
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
The man is talking on the phone
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
study intensively, as before an exam.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
A man is strolling in the rain
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
the way something conforms to a shape
A bride with a white veil is looking down
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
The piece of paper is being cut
There is no man spitting
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
Three dogs walking in the grass.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
A lemur is eating
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
A baby is playing with a toy
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
A man is punching a soccer ball
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A woman is not boiling shrimps
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
make new.
The crowd is watching the football at the game
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
A man is running
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
A wooden flute is being played by a man
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
A child playing on a playground play set.
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
amount of time that something is postponed
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A dog is dropping a can
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
A large pile of scrap wood.
Two dogs play in the grass.
A group of girls on a beach.
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
make up something fictional or untrue
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
A man is sitting in a field
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
A skier speeds through the snow.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
to lecture formally to an audience
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
write as if with print, not in cursive
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
medium of exchange minted by a government
the act of escaping physically.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
A dog is standing in the sand.
Swimmers are racing in a lake
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
Two horses standing in a pen.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
A man is singing and walking down the road
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A dog jumps on a lawn.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
a large room
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
A man is coming out of the water
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
do better in a competition; win
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
cover with or as if with a cloak.
sink to a lower level; descend
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
The person is riding the horse
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
the chief executive of a republic.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
feel hot or painful, as if burning
provide a seat or base for
There is no young child splashing in the water
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
The man is lifting barbells
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
the state of being connected.
the act of stopping something.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
A person is not playing a keyboard
a committee having supervisory powers.
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A child is missing a baseball
The two boys play in the field.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
The woman is not dicing garlic
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
(Cause to) be covered with something.
cause to become ice or icy.
a momentary brightness.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
talk in a tearful manner.
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
the act of directing attention, resources to something
A train is at a train station.
A bird flies above the water.
A flute is being played by a girl
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
There is no paper being cut with scissors
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
A person is playing a trumpet
the quality of being of practical use.
A child goes skiing.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
provide with a new seat.
a dog trots through the grass.
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
Two dogs are playing with each other
the act of administering medication.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
A happy baby is laughing
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
A little girl is walking off the stage
administrator, one who controls resources
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
a jockey riding a horse.
an arrangement scheme.
A man is not playing a flute
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A small boy playing in the snow.
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
Three women are running in a village
A man is preparing some dish
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A guitar is being played by a man
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
Two dogs on the beach.
spare in quality or quantity
a tan dog swimming in some water
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
A woman is not frying meat
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
A dog is running through the snow
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
A girl is wearing sunglasses
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
An email is being read by a man
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
A small boy is scolding a dog
Physically attach to something.
make more common, uniform or general
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
change (dramatically) between high and low values
Three young women standing in a room together.
open again or anew.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
A man is slicing bread
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
a cue given to someone for assistance
Brown dog splashing into the water.
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
A woman is talking on a telephone
A dog is riding a skateboard
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
A girl is running on a desert path.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
A black dog is running through some water.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
A dog is catching a black frisbee
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
The windows are being cleaned by a man
Two people are walking by the ocean.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
cover the front or surface of.
the act of putting something to use.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
become aware of through the senses
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
the force used in pulling.
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
A dog laying in the snow.
the act of arriving at a certain place
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Some people are walking
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
become or cause to become obstructed.
A man is slicing onions
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A young girl is dancing
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
issue bonds on.
The state of being pleased with life.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
come as if by falling.
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A man and woman are talking
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
an event that causes someone to die.
The man is dipping into a swamp
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
Different teams are resting on a field
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
Train gliding on tracks.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
The guitar is being sold by a lady
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
the general condition of body and mind.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
The car is being driven by a man
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
A surfer is riding a wave.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
A black dog is running through the snow.
induce into action by using one's charm.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
Three children playing in snow.
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
combine so as to form a more complex product
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
People riding something in the snow.
A black dog running into the water.
a happening or incident of human significance
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
Someone is cleaning an animal
A tan dog leaps into the water.
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
The man is not playing a guitar
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
decide a specific time for an event
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
An instance or action of being incorrect.
A little boy is playing a guitar
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
exercise authoritative control or power over.
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
A man is putting some food in a box
A cat song is being played on a piano
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
a dog jumps into the pond.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
Bread is being sliced by the man
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
A woman is not peeling a potato
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
A man is putting away a guitar
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
cause to be alert or energetic
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
cause to move back and forth.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the act of harming or hurting someone
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
The man is handling a gun
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
Four people are silently standing outdoors
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
hunt or shoot snipe.
Someone is playing with a frog
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
Two dogs standing in a lake.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagin was a member, welcomed his release.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
The woman is putting make-up on
Some kids are playing on a playground
Provide medical care for.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
Someone is folding a piece of paper
Two children are playing flag football together.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A man is petting two dogs
the pulsation of the heart
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
Guitar is being played by two men
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
searching for or buying goods or services.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
to make ready, fit out
A small monkey is walking in the river
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
The man is riding a horse by a stream
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
A passenger jet flies through the air.
Close up of a bottle of water.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A dog is rolling from side to side
A little girl is playing the piano
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
characteristic call of an animal
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
A golden retriever is running
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
Horse standing in a field.
the act of pressing together firmly
scrape or rub to relieve itching
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
fluctuate, move back and forth
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
interfere in someone else's activity.
A black and white dog is running outdoors
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
Two brown dogs running through water.
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
create something in the mind
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
look at or observe something or someone
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
A small animal is singing
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
A woman is boiling shrimps
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
A woman is taking a can
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
make coincide in time or operation
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
A woman is slicing herbs
behave in a certain manner.
limit in quality or quantity.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
make or become longer
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
Three dogs playing in the green water.
Nobody is jumping off a platform
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
A deer is jumping over a wall
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
remove by pinching or snipping
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
A man is roasting a snake
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
A man climbing a rock-face.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
Something that provides advice.
mean or intend to express or convey.
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
conscious subjective emotion or desire
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
A person is standing on a mountain top
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
Three dogs play in the grass.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
employ or utilize, put into service
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
A man is spreading dough
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
(cause to) happen at a later time
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
There is no man playing two keyboards
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
a fast rate or occurrence of something
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
refrain from harming.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
the act or means of getting rid of something.
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
the status or fact of being elected.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
Create a coating for something.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
A horse is being ridden by a girl
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
A child is slowly waking up
A monkey is wading through a marsh
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
A dog and cat laying down together.
make a short, sharp sound
a disease of the heart.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
appear or become visible; make a showing.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
The small girl is riding in the toy car
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
A man is participating in a bmx race
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
the state or fact of being an owner.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
a social occasion, often official or formal
write a computer program.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
stretch out or over completely
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
Men are sawing
A person is sitting on a mountain top
the act of dropping something.
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Two women are happily dancing
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
the processing or operation of something
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
Two people are sailing a small boat.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
A man is talking on a cell phone
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
There is no woman standing near three children
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
A white race car is driving through a puddle
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
There is no man slicing some bread
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Cereal is being eaten by the man
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A group of people are marching
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
The girl is applying makeup to her face
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
become inflated.
group of people defined by a specific profession
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
A man is putting down the guitar
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
move through with or as if with a rake.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
the activity of removing a resource
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A girl is skipping rope in a park
A young man is running away from the fishing line
communicate or signal with a flag.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
The piano is being played by a man
One white dog is staring at the black street
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
the central area of an object
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
A man is not playing the guitar
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
An instance of visual perception.
The dog is running through deep snow.
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
a group of dogs playing
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
react verbally.
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
time during which some action is awaited.
supporter, advocate of something or someone
A dog is walking away from a baby
Two pandas are lying together
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
The people are standing at a parade
A woman is frying some food
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
have faith in, bet on
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A person is removing the butter from a tray
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
There is no woman slicing tofu
Smiling man with reflective classes.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
There is no woman using a sewing machine
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
glean or gather natural products
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
Four dogs run in the grass.
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
compel, enforce, or insist on something
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
Different teams are playing football on a field
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
make a ticking sound
A man is playing the instrument
A animal is grazing in a field
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
play on a string instrument with a bow.
A child runs through the grass.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
A man is cutting a bun
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
sound sharply or shrilly.
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
be or have a quality of being
a straight length of road or racetrack
The dog is running through the wet sand
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
A dog swims through the water.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
create by putting components or members together.
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
The man is playing a piano
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
a military fortification, stronghold
reach a destination or goal
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
Two young women shear a sheep.
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
give a neat appearance to.
become the owner or posessor of something
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
protect or fight for as a champion.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
give out, allow to have
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
the scent or odor of something
A man is chopping a log with an axe
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
Two cows graze in a field.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
an impression that something might be the case.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
have or contain a certain wording or form.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
A young kid is jumping into water
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
The violin is being played by a woman
the general activity of selling.
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
a demanding or stimulating situation.
The man is playing the drums
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
provide with power and authority.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
beat severely with a whip or rod.
have a great affection or liking for.
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A man is dancing on the road
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
A man is having lunch
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
A woman is boiling eggs
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
close with a snapping motion.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
be in some specified state or condition.
There is no person slicing a potato
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
Brown dog running on the beach.
Three children playing in hay
A band is playing onstage
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
Red and white plane flying through the air.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
make a dry crackling sound.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
A woman is deep frying food
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
There is no child waking up
There is no woman cutting broccoli
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
Two children are shown upside down.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
Two dogs playing on carpet.
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
A football game is being watched by the crowd
hold in a tight grasp.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The person is drawing
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
Two dogs running on grass.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
A child in the snow.
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
A dog leaps over a barrier.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
the state of being controlled or governed.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
A man is exercising
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
A black and a yellow dog
An officer is talking to the soldiers
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
A man is playing a large flute
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
The person is not going into the water
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
an upward slope or incline
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
an inherent aptitude or talent
Two green and white trains on tracks.
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
There is no guy mowing the lawn
a sharp side of an object
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
The person is setting fire to the cameras
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
A woman is not chopping garlic
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A man is driving a motorbike
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
The person is standing on white ice
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
Two older men in front of a bus.
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
A passenger train coming into a station.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
(Cause to) smell bad.
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
A man is parking a motorbike
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
lumber used in the construction of something.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
indistinct articulation.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
the act of exploding or bursting.
A white car is being driven by the man
turn on an axis; spin
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
Two dogs playing in the water.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
Three men posing in a tent.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
There is no man sharpening a knife
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.